In early March, I was walking around the most magical place on earth — Disney World’s Magic Kingdom in Orlando, Fla. — asking guests why they were comfortable being at a theme park with thousands of strangers and sticky-fingered children as a virus that we then believed to be passed through touch was spreading throughout the world. The $900 billion pandemic aid package that emerged Sunday from months of on-and-off negotiations between House Democrats and Senate Republicans is a necessary measure that will ease the suffering of millions of Americans. It will help unemployed workers to feed their families and to avoid eviction. It will help small businesses avoid bankruptcy. It will help to keep the trains and buses running in cities across the country. There’s a common refrain among people who’ve been marooned in their homes this year, trying to manage their jobs and their children’s distance learning, always fighting the losing battle against the dishes, the laundry, the dog hair, the grocery list. “I cannot wait to get back to the office,” they say. Many residents of nursing homes are in precarious situations because of Covid-19. On top of spending months isolated from loved ones, nursing home residents are particularly vulnerable to the coronavirus. A New York Times analysis found that 38 percent of coronavirus deaths are tied to long-term care facilities. Many Black Americans say they are wary of taking the coronavirus vaccine, the logical result of centuries of abuse and exploitation by the United States health care system. We empathize with the patient who told one of us, “Baby, I just don’t trust vaccines,” and with our friends and family who say they are “just going to wait.” Just a few months ago, the veteran American distance runner Sara Hall seemed to be facing her own version of pandemic misery. She had failed to qualify for the Olympics, dropping out of her last two marathons. Now everything was canceled and she was caring for four daughters at home. She was 37, an age when many elite athletes’ careers start winding down. This has been a tumultuous 12 months, a harrowing ride through the pandemic and elections, racial injustices and civic turmoil. Through it all, in your comments, you’ve shared your fears, frustrations and anger, but also hope, humor and much wisdom. In the process, you helped document this extraordinary year. LONDON — I came to know David Cornwell, who wrote as John le Carré, just after the United States and Britain removed Saddam Hussein from power. He was a neighbor; we met in our local pub in Hampstead in North London. We were introduced by a mutual friend who knew the genial white-haired gentleman in brown suede shoes. “Who was that?” I asked as we reached our own table. On the fourth floor at Children’s National Hospital in Washington, one of the women in Vitals calls my 11-year-old daughter “TikTok.” As in, “Hey, TikTok, what’s happening today?” Then she asks her to get on the scale. It is disarmingly kind, this casual nod to life beyond oncology. Over the last few decades, Congress has diversified in important ways. It has gotten less white, less male, less straight — all positive developments. But as I was staring at one of the many recent Senate hearings, filled with the usual magisterial blustering and self-important yada yada, it dawned on me that there’s a way that Congress has moved in a wrong direction, and become quite brazenly unrepresentative. If the World Trade Organization were a person, it would be that dude at the bar drinking the afternoon away in his business suit and wondering where it all went wrong. He used to be a big shot. After 2000, globalization and surging commodity prices astronomically boosted economic growth among nations with emerging economies. Over the next decade their share of the global economy nearly doubled, growing to 35 percent. By 2007, 107 of the 110 developing economies featured in the Penn World Table were catching up to the United States in average income, helping millions to escape poverty. The celebratory mood was captured in a popular phrase: “The rise of the rest.” About half of the world’s population will experience menopause, yet it’s a period that can be isolating for a woman in their personal and professional life. Menopause marks the end of menstruation, and the changes that come with it are often not discussed openly. In the short documentary above, women across England share their intimate, complicated and illuminating experiences with menopause. It’s a conversation that should happen more often, and without fear. On the March weekend just before indoor dining in New York City was banned for the first time this year, I ate out on Friday night. I ate out on Saturday night, too. That was partly because I had a friend in town but mostly because I love restaurants. I live in restaurants. Many of us New Yorkers do — or, I should say, many of us New Yorkers did. We can’t live in restaurants anymore, and the consequence is that many restaurants no longer live. “Get used to different.” Of all the personal development opportunities presented by quarantine — knitting, baking sourdough, starting a TikTok — there is none so user-friendly as talking to yourself. On Monday, Congress authorized the creation of a Latino museum as part of a $2.3-trillion year-end spending bill. This is long overdue. For decades, activists have been fighting to establish a Latino museum on the Washington Mall. Its creation is essential to documenting the community’s contribution and to the education and future of all Americans. President-elect Joe Biden appears to be framing his foreign policy around three themes: re-engaging with America’s friends and allies, renewing our participation in international organizations and relying more heavily on nonmilitary instruments of power. Considering the challenges posed by China and other countries, as well as transnational threats that range from pandemics to climate change, these are, in my view, the correct priorities. (Though, of course, unparalleled military power must remain the backdrop for America’s relations with the world.) At the worst possible time, when the United States is at its most vulnerable — during a presidential transition and a devastating public health crisis — the networks of the federal government and much of corporate America are compromised by a foreign nation. We need to understand the scale and significance of what is happening. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: NASHVILLE — Midway through December, in the midst of an unseasonable warm spell, I sent a text to the gang: “Shall we meet on our deck around 6:30?” On Monday, a court in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, sentenced Loujain al-Hathloul, the Saudi activist, to five years and eight months in prison. Ms. al-Hathloul, who campaigned for the right of women to drive, was convicted of “trying to harm national security” and advancing “a foreign agenda.” She has already been in prison for two and a half years. A combination of time served and partial sentence suspension could lead to her release in a month or so. I was speaking recently to Matt Dunne, founder of the Center on Rural Innovation, which promotes digital economic development in small-town America, and he was telling me about a Vermont community near his home with a great public library: “You could drive by on any Sunday and the parking lot would be full,” he said. “There was just one problem: The library was closed on Sundays.” Growing up in rural northern Louisiana, everyone I knew, at least every household, seemed to have guns. Men had guns racked in the back windows of their pickup trucks, and pistols under their seats. Women, like my mother, tucked smaller handguns into their purses. My hospital, along with hundreds of others across the country, recently began to administer the first Covid-19 vaccines. My social media feed is filled with pictures of friends and colleagues, sleeves rolled up, writing about how much this vaccination means to them. In an otherwise dark year, it’s a moment of hope. A few years ago, I lived across the street from a halfway house in the Lower East Side. Sometimes I’d meander over to bum cigarettes from the men who loitered outside, and we’d smoke and make small talk. One Christmas, I brought over a large cheesecake as a consolation gift: None of us were spending Christmas with our families, and none of us were thrilled about it. Facebook grew to be one of the world’s largest companies by gathering up large quantities of personal data and auctioning them off to advertisers. Now that Apple is posing a threat to that business, Facebook has embarked on a quixotic marketing campaign against its rival that it says is really about saving small businesses. TERRE HAUTE, Ind. — On Thursday evening, I sat in the lobby of a Marriott hotel in Terre Haute, Ind., as Shawn Nolan and Victor Abreu tried to save a man’s life. Both wore bluejeans, button-down shirts and a day or more of scruff — Mr. Nolan’s salt-and-pepper, Mr. Abreu’s black. We shared a bottle of red wine in plastic cups as the two men, public defenders whose caseloads are strictly death penalty appeals, discussed the merits of pleading with the Supreme Court for a stay of execution. The not-a-stimulus deal Congress reached over the weekend — seriously, this is about disaster relief, not boosting the economy — didn’t come a moment too soon. Actually, it came much too late: Crucial aid to many unemployed Americans and businesses expired months ago. But now some of that aid is back, for a while. We now know that millions of unemployed workers won’t be kicked off unemployment insurance (for at least 11 weeks) and will now get $300 every week in addition to their current state benefit; a vast majority of Americans will receive $600 direct payments from the government; and small businesses will have access to a modest new tranche of forgivable government loans. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is charged with safeguarding American lives. But in the 10th month of the coronavirus pandemic, as infections surge to new highs, the agency’s advice about what citizens should do remains confusing — right at a time when we need clarity most. LONDON — In early lockdown, I spent most evenings in the front room of my mother’s house, drunk, staring at a computer, reeling at the prospect of my body being deprived indefinitely of touch. In those days, there was a sense that all the things that make up life really might be permanently destroyed. My father, who is a playwright, speculated with sanguine acceptance that he might never see or work on another theater production. Leaving Ireland, where I grew up and where my parents live, seemed like a remote possibility, even just to return to Britain, where I am a resident. The Supreme Court was never going to hear, let alone grant, the request by red-state attorneys general and the White House to overturn the election results in four battleground states that went for Joe Biden. We knew that, we privileged few who could have offered an inventory of the lawsuit’s flaws while standing on one foot. We had not the slightest doubt that the case was a non-starter. I was an attorney at the Justice Department when Donald Trump was elected president. I worked in the Office of Legal Counsel, which is where presidents turn for permission slips that say their executive orders and other contemplated actions are lawful. I joined the department during the Obama administration, as a career attorney whose work was supposed to be independent of politics. I have a pastime, one that used to give me considerable pleasure, but lately it has morphed into a source of anxiety, even horror: earth-watching. Look no further than the storied Rose Bowl game to understand college football’s disingenuous and perilous posturing about the sanctity of its athletics programs while the coronavirus has ravaged the country and college campuses. Every five years or so I try to return to land’s end, the continent’s edge, where the Columbia River empties into the Pacific Ocean — the final heave of the River of the West. I prefer to go during winter solstice, the long night of the soul in the Northern Hemisphere. VIENNA — The philosopher Avishai Margalit was born in 1939, at the onset of World War II, and has lived most of his life in Israel, a country that has always existed between war and peace. That the value of political compromise has always occupied Professor Margalit’s thinking should come as no surprise. He is haunted by how political compromise becomes an act of political maturity and moral responsibility, and under what conditions it becomes morally unacceptable. The largest burden of Covid-19 has undoubtedly fallen on people older than 65; they account for around 80 percent of deaths in the United States. But if we momentarily eclipse that from our mind’s eye, something else becomes visible: The corona of this virus. When she had the routine of home, Angie Sinopoli was the talkative matriarch of a large Italian family who heaped praise on her children and grandchildren, even as her memory faded. Her youngest son, Steven, came by her house and cooked her dinner nearly every night. But after a couple of falls and bouts in rehabilitation centers, she ended up in a Syracuse nursing home on March 10. Two days later, it stopped all visits to protect residents from the coronavirus. Mrs. Sinopoli hasn’t seen family in more than nine months. Her vocabulary has dwindled to about 20 words. Ajay Banga has spent a decade as chief executive of Mastercard. Last year, he oversaw $6.5 trillion in transactions. That means he knows what we’re spending right now (aggregated and anonymized, of course) and how long it might take to get us out of our current economic funk. It also means Mr. Banga has leverage over virtually any business that relies on credit card payments. For example, following recent reporting from New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof on the scale of child pornography on Pornhub, Mastercard announced that it would terminate payments on that site. This year has awakened us to the fact that we die. We’ve always known it to be true in a technical sense, but a pandemic demands that we internalize this understanding. It’s one thing to acknowledge the deaths of others, and another to accept our own. It’s not just emotionally taxing; it is difficult even to conceive. To do this means to imagine it, reckon with it and, most important, personalize it. Your life. Your death. NEW DELHI — What I remember most is the way my grandfather struggled with everyday things. Eating, drinking, even smiling in response to a joke or a favorite song. The disease froze his muscles, turning the majestically expressive face of an aging patriarch into a mask. The achievement gap in New York’s segregated and unequal schools is poised to become a chasm in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. XENIA, OHIO — My 93-year-old mother was dying. It was the Saturday after the election, and the suburban Georgia votes were being tallied. My sister Cookie and I were sitting in Mom’s memory-care unit, the lights dimmed. About the only thing Cookie and I agreed on politically was not to discuss the orange elephant in the room. Republican officials who have indulged or assisted in President Trump’s effort to nullify the 2020 election have many motivations: partisanship, conviction, delusion, cynicism, ambition, paranoia, fear. But all these reasons for participation in an antidemocratic power grab point to a single truth: For many, Mr. Trump is all that binds the Republican Party together. All I seem to want to do these days is stare mindlessly at health care workers and the elderly getting stuck in the arm with a needle. If a measure of a society is how well it takes care of its young, the past nine months are a damning indictment of our nation. In an April interview about the pandemic, the philosopher Slavoj Zizek said we should “forget about the economy we have now” and “treat simply as irrelevant things like the fashion industry.” He was voicing a prejudice usually unspoken: a contemptuous disregard for fashion. For him, the industry is merely about conspicuous consumption and self-indulgence — and should simply be allowed to die. The journalist Anne Helen Petersen recently asked, on Twitter, for articles about the “long-term psychological effects” of the pandemic. She soon noticed that many of the replies were about the damage it was doing to children. Editors’ Note: Jan. 29, 2021 I barely even feel the needle. Congress is deep in negotiations this week to pass a coronavirus relief bill. In the meantime, many aid programs — from expanded unemployment to the federal eviction moratorium and student loan freeze — may expire at year’s end, or experience a lapse once a stimulus package is approved. Without ongoing government support, many Americans find themselves in limbo: More than 30 million renters are at risk of eviction, and according to an analysis by The Century Foundation, approximately 12 million workers will be cut off from unemployment insurance tied to the pandemic. There is indignant howling over what is surely Russia’s role in infiltrating, again, the networks of the U.S. government and corporations — this time through a tainted software update by the company SolarWinds. Politicians of both parties have called it a virtual act of war. “America must retaliate, and not just with sanctions,” Senator Marco Rubio said. President Trump recently tweeted that “the ‘Justice’ Department and FBI have done nothing about the 2020 Presidential Election Voter Fraud,” followed by these more ominous lines: “Never give up. See everyone in D.C. on January 6th.” For a few innocent weeks about 10,000 years ago, at the dawn of the quarantine era of 2020, my Instagram feed and perhaps yours, too, was suddenly overrun with images of impossibly lovely loaves of homemade bread. It was one of the first social-media show-off fads of the pandemic; with everyone stuck at home, cut off from gym mirrors and airplane wings at sunset, bread-making virtuosity emerged in certain circles as the hottest new way to show everyone online how much better you were than everyone else. Brené Brown’s best-selling books and TED talks about embracing vulnerability and shame have made her a cultural phenomenon. Silicon Valley executives often invite her to speak to their companies, though she is skeptical about their intentions to follow through on her advice. “For some people, I am the kombucha shake of the month,” she says. One of many regrettable features of the Trump era is the way that the president’s lies and conspiracy theories have seemed to vindicate some of his opponents’ most fatuous slogans. I have in mind, in particular, the claim that has echoed through the liberal side of coronavirus-era debates — that the key to sound leadership in a pandemic is just to follow the science, to trust science and scientists, to do what experts suggest instead of letting mere grubby politics determine your response. On yesterday’s episode of Sway, the chief executive of Mastercard spoke about why the company blocked subscription payments on Pornhub. Was it too little too late? Kara asks Nicholas Kristof, the journalist whose reporting on child pornography forced the payment company’s hand. Before he was elected in November, Joe Biden promised that his “theory of change” for reforming the economy would be “ending poverty.” He pledged to champion a $15 minimum wage, affordable health care for all and federal action to address systemic racism. In the midst of an economic crisis, a pandemic and an uprising for racial justice, low-income Americans — Black, white, brown, Asian and Native — voted to overwhelm a reactionary base that President Trump had stoked with lies and fear. This article contains descriptions of sexual assault. Is Texas the new Silicon Valley? This month Oracle said it was moving its headquarters to Austin after more than 40 years in California. Hewlett Packard Enterprise, descended from the Valley’s original garage start-up, is off to Houston. Elon Musk has moved to Texas, too, and has hinted that Tesla, the car company he co-founded and leads, may also relocate. At this point, most of us have heard about allergic reactions to Covid-19 vaccines: the doctor in Boston who had to administer his EpiPen, the hospital worker in Alaska who had trouble breathing. But it’s not at all surprising that allergic reactions happen. What matters most is the severity and the rate at which they occur. And for the Covid vaccines, there’s no doubt that the value of vaccination outweighs the risk. Maybe it was the visuals that did it. It’s hard to know what aspects of reality make it into Donald Trump’s ever-shrinking bubble — and I’m happy to say that after Jan. 20 we won’t have to care about what goes on in his not-at-all beautiful mind — but it’s possible that he became aware of how he looked, playing golf as millions of desperate families lost their unemployment benefits. As the Trump presidency heads into the sunset, kicking and screaming, one of the most important questions that will shape American politics at the local, state and national levels is this: Can Donald Trump maintain his iron grip over the Republican Party when he is out of office? Early this week, electors in 50 states and Washington, D.C., formally chose Joe Biden as the next president of the United States. To slow extinctions and climate change, President-elect Joe Biden has embraced a plan to conserve 30 percent of U.S. land and 30 percent of its ocean waters by 2030. It is perhaps the most ambitious commitment to conservation by a U.S. president. How he proceeds will determine whether he unites or further divides Americans in a pivotal decade for the planet. After any major national disaster or failure of government, it’s essential to study what happened and why, if for no other reason than to enact laws and policies aimed at preventing the same thing from happening again. From the Warren Report on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy to the Church Committee in the wake of the Watergate scandal, from the commission on the Sept. 11 attacks to the commission on the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, a thorough official reckoning makes for good government. This has not been a great period for free expression. The range of socially acceptable opinion has shrunk, as independent-minded journalists and experts have been eased out of their jobs at places ranging from New York magazine to Boeing and Civis Analytics for saying unorthodox things. The esteemed scholar James R. Flynn wrote a book called “In Defense of Free Speech” which was in turn canceled by his publisher for being too controversial. NEW ORLEANS — Opening a restaurant is hard. A lot of people will tell you it’s a bad idea. Especially in 2020. The end of the year has been awkward for Gov. Andrew Cuomo. As he promotes his new, self-congratulatory book about navigating New York through its first coronavirus wave in the spring, he is also battling a new surge of cases. ANN ARBOR, Mich. — I walk out, steering the stroller with icy fingers. I pass the house that always appears as if someone is moving in or out, the gray house with a garage full of ugly toys, the white house with an attractive couple who dine every day at 7 p.m., which I know because I peek in on my daily quarantine walks, comforted by the sight of the woman’s top bun and the man’s beard as they sit across from each other at a farmhouse table. Santa Claus is different this year. He wears a mask and his lap is mostly off limits. Outdoors he waves to boys and girls from a safe distance, and indoors a sheet of plexiglass separates him from his visitors. The Tulsa, Okla., police department set the stage for mass murder in the spring of 1921 when it deputized members of a mob that invaded and destroyed the prosperous Black enclave of Greenwood. The armed marauders who swept into the community in the early hours of June 1 wreaked havoc in the spirit of a police directive that urged white Tulsans to “Get a gun, and get busy and try to get a nigger.” Oh, how the mighty have fallen. In coalition politics, every part of the coalition matters, especially when elections are close. For Democrats, Asian-Americans are suddenly crucial: They are the fastest-growing racial or ethnic group in the U.S. electorate, constituting 4.7 percent of the voting population — enough to make a difference in the presidential contest in Georgia, where Joe Biden won by some 12,000 votes. It’s been a very good month for Covid-19 vaccines. Last week, the Food and Drug Administration provided an emergency authorization for a vaccine produced by Pfizer-BioNTech. On Thursday, an advisory committee recommended authorizing a vaccine by Moderna, and the F.D.A. is expected to authorize it soon. On Christmas morning, a husband quietly apologizes to his wife that his gifts this year are humble — money is tight. She bravely affirms that she loves the pajamas and the sweater. Later, as the children play with their new toys, the husband reveals one last gift box, in which the wife discovers a diamond necklace. She squeals with astonished delight. A new and potentially more contagious variant of the coronavirus has been detected in Britain and elsewhere. With the Trump administration continuing to do little to address the pandemic, state and local leaders have, again, been left to deal with this problem on their own. Major League Baseball keeps vowing to redress its racist past, but its half-steps only reinforce the elusiveness of that goal, for it and the rest of America. Donald Trump is an anti-literary president. It’s clear that the man doesn’t read, outside of highly diluted briefings and tweets. He’s missing a core element needed for literature: empathy. This editorial has been updated to reflect breaking news. Now that Donald Trump’s time in the White House is ending, an urgent task is the reform of the presidency that for four years he sought to shape in his image and to run in his personal and political self-interest. What those years have shown is that the array of laws and norms that arose after Watergate and Vietnam requires an overhaul. Cities, you may have heard, are toast. The argument is straightforward and seemingly incontestable: The coronavirus thrives among close clusters of human beings, and nowhere are humans clustered closer than in big cities. The virus’s toll seems to make the connection plain. New York City, the most populous and most dense urban area in the United States, was also the first to be devastated by the virus. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. When our congregation, Church of the Savior, moved to online services some nine months ago, our family tried to keep things normal. We had the children dress in nice Sunday clothes, though we would be watching via screen instead of entering a sanctuary. We arranged the chairs in the living room to look like pews. We tried to follow along, bowing at the right times and crossing ourselves at the right moment. All major American veterans’ organizations have called for the ouster of Robert Wilkie as secretary of veterans affairs over the shameless treatment by him and his senior staff of a veteran who says she was sexually assaulted. When men and women who served in uniform speak almost with one voice, it is not politics, as Mr. Wilkie would have it, but the will of the people he is meant to serve. Every Friday evening for the last 19 years, Mark Shields and I have gathered to talk politics on the “PBS NewsHour.” When people come up to me to discuss our segment, sometimes they mention the things we said to each other, but more often they mention how we clearly feel about each other — the affection, friendship and respect. We’ve had thousands of disagreements over the years, but never a second of acrimony. Mark radiates a generosity of spirit that improves all who come within his light. The last four years have been divisive and exhausting. But, for many, they were also a call to change what we can control: our own lives. In August I was on the phone with my mother, a 70-year-old Korean immigrant, to discuss the upcoming election. In the past, she had complained that President Trump was a lunatic, so I naturally assumed that she would support — or at least be neutral about — Joe Biden. PALISADE, Minn. — My daughter and I are walking along the fast-flowing stream of pure darkness that is the young Mississippi River. We are two hours north of Minneapolis, in Palisade, Minn., where people are gathering to oppose the Line 3 pipeline. Patches of snow crunch on pads of russet leaves as we near the zhaabondawaan, a sacred lodge along the river’s banks. It is here that Enbridge is due to horizontally drill a new pipeline crossing beneath the river. We enter the lodge. The peace, the sweetness, the clarity of the water is hard to bear. The brush and trees hardly muffle the roar of earth-moving and tree-felling equipment across the road. The pipeline is almost at the river. The turbulence that followed the Nov. 3 election has roiled American politics, demonstrating an ominous vulnerability in our political system. Marching toward middle age is a sequence of older-than moments, when you realize that you’ve passed some famous age that seemed impossibly distant as a child. First you pass the prodigies: Older than William Pitt the Younger when he became prime minister, older than Donna Tartt when she published “The Secret History,” older than Alexander the Great when he conquered Persia. Then come the athletes: When you reach your later 30s, you realize that if you had actually become a baseball star, you would now be Kirk Gibson gimping to the plate, an old man in baseball years. I never imagined that my sister, who has long had trouble with her mobility, would move to a nursing home in a global pandemic. At 37, she is relatively young. But this fall, she developed a serious infection that worsened her health problems. So I found myself shopping for a facility that can provide her with the care she needs to recover. Welcome to the latest in my occasional series of conversations about Christianity. Here’s my interview with the Rev. Jim Wallis, an evangelical Christian pastor, author and justice activist. It’s about as near as science gets to a miracle: A coronavirus vaccine has arrived — and the main reason is that mRNA vaccines, a previously untested technology, appears to work better than almost anyone had hoped. One recent Thursday, I sent my 14- and 15-year-old boys off to the skate park near our house. I’m a parent who values a childhood lived outdoors. To that end, I’ve been a fairly free-range mom with my four kids, but as they left for the park, I gave them a warning that still feels foreign, even eight months into this pandemic. “Leave your masks on!” They both gave a nod of agreement and were off. The long-awaited new pandemic relief package, at $900 billion in aid, is good, though it’s no CARES Act. It’s smaller and shorter, operating on a scale of weeks, not months. Until spring, those with jobless benefits will get an extra $300 per week; the long-term unemployed will get extra weeks of benefits; and eligibility for benefits will remain broadened. Several other key programs will be extended for weeks as well. Yet even with these extensions, because of Congress’s long holdup in passing the package it could take several weeks to reinstate lapsed benefits, which will leave many beneficiaries still struggling with January rent and bills. On the first day of 2020, my anxiety roared as I approached the summit of Mount Pierce in northern New Hampshire. At about 4,300 feet elevation, the wind was picking up, the visibility dropping to near zero. I was about to turn around in defeat when I heard faint voices ahead of me: two women, zipping up their coats as I approached. I’m not a Debbie Downer. Far from it. I’m usually an optimist who pushes for hope in the most dire of circumstances. However, when I hear friends talk about how the new year and Joe Biden’s presidency will answer our collective prayers and cleanse our collective palate from 2020’s unrelenting onslaught of pain and misery, I can’t help but feel skeptical. BETHANY, Conn. — Since March, my family has kept track of time in the changing palette from early spring to fall, a steady transition from gray to gold. A menagerie of birds and beasts, including a fat black bear, have visited, all of them arriving outside our kitchen window for birdseed without the slightest concern about gathering in groups or sharing a meal. We’ve watched them, envious of their audacious freedom. It’s funny how, in the 10th month of Covid, some of the things I miss most are things I hadn’t thought were missable. I miss the barbershop, for instance, for reasons that would be obvious if you saw me. I used to make weekly trips, but I haven’t been since March. I feel as if I look like a mashup of Frederick Douglass and Chewbacca’s neck. I’m pining for the pomp and circumstance in the process of the cut, the ceremony of the barber raising and snapping the cape before smoothing it on me and fastening it around my neck, the sting and lovely stank of peroxide applied to my fresh hairline and newly speck-free neck. And then the big reveal — the moment when the artisan has finished and spins me in the chair to face the wall of mirrors and witness the masterwork. This year was a soul-crushing hellscape of a dumpster fire. For sanity’s sake, large chunks of it should be repressed as soon as possible. In 1492, Christopher Columbus touched land for the first time in the Americas, reaching the Bahamas, Hispaniola (present-day Dominican Republic and Haiti) and eastern Cuba. After he returned to Spain he reported that he had encountered islands rich in gold. A few years later his brother Bartholomew, who also traveled to the Americas, reported that Hispaniola had a large population whose labor and land could be put to the advantage of the Spanish crown. He estimated the population at 1.1 million people. Astrology has been around for thousands of years, so why are “Mercury in retrograde” memes and horoscopes still so popular in 2020? This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. In late March, my uncle died unexpectedly. Phillip Randle was my dad’s little brother and his best friend. The loss, exacerbated by our inability to hold a funeral for him because of the pandemic, shrouded my father in a blanket of grief. I heard him weep for the second time in my life. I am guilty of violating the Espionage Act, Title 18, U.S. Code Sections 793 and 798. If charged and convicted, I could spend the rest of my life in prison. WASHINGTON — Even before there was a vaccine, some seasoned doctors and public health experts warned, Cassandra-like, that its distribution would be “a logistical nightmare.” The year will turn, Joe Biden will take the oath of office, and we’ll heal. The youngest victim of the 2007 massacre in Baghdad’s Nisour Square, committed by Blackwater mercenaries whom Donald Trump pardoned on Tuesday, was a 9-year-old boy named Ali Kinani. It looks as if Congress will soon pass a much-needed economic relief (not stimulus) bill — something that will help distressed Americans get through the next few months, while we wait for widespread vaccination to set the stage for economic recovery. That’s good news, because something is better than nothing, even though what we know about the legislation says that it’s going to be deeply flawed. LOS ANGELES — Many years ago, when my brother and I were just out of the house, my parents entered a raffle and won a Christmas tree. It was fake, 12 feet tall and covered in hundreds of Raggedy Ann dolls. Long before she went into labor, it was obvious to Hope Burgos what she would name her first daughter: Serenity, a quality that had long been absent from Ms. Burgos’s life, but one that she had always hoped to create for her children. The name came from a prayer that she said as a teenager living in a group home and struggling with her mental health, “God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.” The start of an off-road motorcycle or all-terrain vehicle endurance race is like a freight train rolling through an earthquake. Open courses stretch over grass tracks, woods and streams. Spectators are unfazed as, inches away, racers fly by. There’s a lot of dirt. I finished television during the pandemic and started on movies. Now I’m almost finished with those, too! My hips have locked in a supine position and my eyes are dry as a bone, but I persist. What else is there to do? After the Electoral College vote on Monday affirming his election, Joe Biden declared that “nothing, not even a pandemic or an abuse of power, can extinguish” the “flame of democracy.” Mr. Biden’s speech and the vote capped a series of victories for democratic institutions, including the Supreme Court’s dismissal of a Texas lawsuit that sought to overturn the election results — just the latest turn in the extended refusal of President Trump and his Republican enablers to accept the outcome. As President-elect Joe Biden rolls out his climate and environment team, it is worth recalling, if only to grasp the distance between then and now, the hopeless bunch President-elect Donald Trump presented us with four years ago. Mr. Trump tapped Scott Pruitt to run the Environmental Protection Agency, Ryan Zinke the Interior Department and Rick Perry the Energy Department. LOS ANGELES — One of the unqualified bright spots of 2020 was the Dodgers winning the World Series after a 32-year drought. Weeks before that, the Lakers took the world championship and made Los Angeles a double winner. It was the first time that has happened since 1988. A few weeks ago, or maybe it was a few months ago, I decided to watch my two favorite ’80s movies about working mothers: “Baby Boom,” a rom-com starring Diane Keaton as an advertising executive turned work-from-home applesauce mogul; and “Aliens,” James Cameron’s thriller centered around a woman’s struggle to defeat a race of genocidal aliens. Both mother-protagonists struggle with what has come to be known as “work-life balance.” I first read the “Iliad” in high school. The translation my teacher handed out had a single photograph on the cover: American G.I.s on D-Day storming out of a landing craft onto Omaha Beach. If there’s anything that Facebook has learned from its many years of cozying up to the Trump administration, it’s figuring out that shamelessness works. Imagine this scene, which is a common experience for Black people: What is left to say about a political party that would throw out millions of votes? NASHVILLE — Once upon a time, not all that long ago, the word “Zoom” meant nothing more to me than the name of an old kids’ show on public television or the punchline of a commercial for fast cars. “Google Hangouts” sounded like something only teenagers needed to know about, and “Microsoft Teams,” if I had to guess, was some kind of technical support department requiring an hour on hold to reach. A deep, sonorous melody pierces the night sky when young Samburu warriors celebrate an impending marriage. These songs, which echo across the arid plains of rural northern Kenya, are beautiful. They also often herald danger for girls in the region’s pastoralist communities — and during the coronavirus pandemic, they’ve grown alarmingly more frequent. We all miss things that used to be normal — hugging friends, dancing in crowded places, not being terrified of standing near someone with a dry cough. But what about everything else that we took for granted? After nearly a year of social distancing, a new normal is starting to settle into place, and memories of how things used to be are only growing hazier. When we finally emerge on the other side of all this — hopefully with our sanity loosely intact — will we come to miss this strange year, too? Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Donald Trump’s refusal to accept his electoral defeat is alarming, but unsurprising. It is Mr. Trump’s character to reject even reality itself when it conflicts with his ego. More alarming is the long list of state and national Republican leaders cravenly falling in line behind his desperate efforts to topple American democracy. Today’s sightings: red paisley mask, pleated pink flowered mask, black VOTE mask, yellow smiley-face mask, Etsy bedazzled mask, Spiderman mask. Lots of surgical-blue paper masks. A few hard-shell N95s. One or two navy bandit gaiters. (Me, I’m under the grinning-wolf mask.) Most masks hide who we are and let us try on different identities, but these disguises give me clues to the wearer underneath. The Federal Trade Commission and more than 40 states filed an antitrust suit against Facebook on Wednesday, prompting the company and its defenders to argue that Silicon Valley’s very way of doing business is under attack. Last week, veto-proof majorities of the House and Senate rejected President Trump’s demand that they use a defense-spending bill to repeal liability protections for social media companies. The demand arose from Mr. Trump’s frustration with platforms like Twitter for taking more assertive measures against misinformation and disinformation, including his own. Kara’s conversation with Georgia’s Secretary of State was a doozy. She called up Times White House correspondent Maggie Haberman to discuss. South Africa and India have petitioned the World Trade Organization to suspend some intellectual property protections from Covid-19 drugs, vaccines and diagnostic technologies. In support of the effort, Doctors Without Borders began a social media campaign urging governments to “put lives over profits,” warning of “pharma profiteering” and urging support for “#NoCovidMonopolies.” The W.T.O., which governs trade rules among its 164 member nations, considered the proposal at its Council for Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights meeting Thursday. The Food and Drug Administration is expected to grant emergency use authorizations to the first two coronavirus vaccines in the next several days. The sheer speed with which doctors and scientists were able to reach this stage is a major achievement, and the early results for both vaccines are undeniably impressive. New vaccines normally take years to develop, and scientists initially worried. Republicans spent most of 2020 rejecting science in the face of a runaway pandemic; now they’re rejecting democracy in the face of a clear election loss. Promises to pursue national healing and unity helped put Joe Biden in the White House. Americans embraced that vision. But the overall election results, with Republicans gaining seats in the House and possibly retaining control of the Senate, both exposed and increased the magnitude of the incoming president’s challenge. According to a document from the Department of Health and Human Services, a total of 108 doses of Regeneron’s monoclonal antibody cocktail have been allocated to Washington, which had 265 new coronavirus cases on Wednesday alone. Somehow Rudy Giuliani, Donald Trump’s lawyer, got one of those doses. In an interview with a New York radio station on Tuesday, Giuliani did us all the favor of explaining why he qualified for privileged treatment. It is hard to recall another negotiating process with as many ups and downs or as many make-or-break deadlines as Brexit. The next deadline, which in principle should conclude the divorce between Britain and the European Union, is Dec. 31. That is when a new trade agreement is supposed to be signed and sealed, clearing the way for Britain and the E.U. to finally start leading their separate lives. But for that to happen, a few knots have to be unraveled, and for that the deadline is Sunday. Joe Biden ran for the White House promising to restore the norms that protect American democracy, which had badly eroded under President Trump. Among the most worrisome is the erosion of the principle that the military should be led by a civilian and those in uniform kept separate from partisan politics. This week, Kara Swisher interviewed WarnerMedia’s chief executive, Jason Kilar, fresh on the heels of the announcement that Warner Bros. will release its 2021 film slate in theaters and on its streaming site, HBO Max, simultaneously. (If you missed that episode — scroll back and hit play! Or click here if you’re on the World Wide Web). HAVANA — I have been on the news on Cuban television twice in my life. The first time, I was a happy 10-year-old boy, shaking hands with Fidel Castro. The second time was just a few days ago, when television reports described me as someone who is “openly hostile toward Cuba” — an enemy of my country. The next few months will be terrible. Several thousand Americans are now dying from Covid-19 every day; given the lag between cases and deaths, the daily toll will almost certainly rise through the end of this year, and if people are careless over Christmas it could surge even higher in the new year. Economic recovery has stalled, with employment still down almost 10 million from pre-pandemic levels. If you want to be the first to watch “Dune,” “Godzilla vs. Kong” or the new “Matrix” movie this year (yes, there’s a fourth one) — you won’t have to line up at a movie theater. That’s because Jason Kilar, the C.E.O. of WarnerMedia, announced last week that the full slate of Warner Bros. films will be simultaneously released in theaters and on the company’s streaming service, HBO Max. To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android. As the 538 members of the Electoral College gather on Monday to carry out their constitutional duty and officially elect Joe Biden as the nation’s 46th president and Kamala Harris as his vice president, we are confronted again with the jarring reminder that it could easily have gone the other way. We came within a hairbreadth of re-electing a man who finished more than seven million votes behind his opponent — and we nearly repeated the shock of 2016, when Donald Trump took office after coming in a distant second in the balloting. When it comes to Donald Trump’s efforts to claim victory in the 2020 presidential election, there are two Republican Parties. One G.O.P. has behaved entirely normally, certifying elections, rejecting frivolous claims and conspiratorial lawsuits, declining to indulge the conceit that state legislatures might substitute their votes for the electoral outcome. Donald Trump’s continued effort to overturn the result of the election — an effort buttressed by the support of many Republicans in Congress, it should be noted — is nothing short of an attempt at a bloodless coup. Facebook, like other big tech firms, has sought to maintain its dominance, and to keep profits rolling in, by gobbling up any upstarts that have threatened its market power. The company’s view of competition can be summed up by an email sent in 2008 by its chief executive and founder, Mark Zuckerberg: “It is better to buy than compete.” In late spring, after almost two months of pandemic-induced shutdown, Dr. Anita Kulkarni was finally allowed to reopen her plastic surgery practice near Dupont Circle in northwest Washington. “It was like I had opened a floodgate,” she said. “I had 40 appointments, Monday to Friday, 9 to 5. It was insane.” Early this month, a group of Democratic members of Congress introduced an Abolition Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Why, in the year 2020, does the Constitution need an amendment dealing with the abolition of slavery? Wasn’t that accomplished over a century and a half ago? ­­­­­ We all need uplift this terrible year, so here’s inspiring news about some young heroes and the good they’ve achieved on a wrenching topic. In the 1970s, movies like “Jaws” and “Star Wars” proved that audiences would turn out in droves for event films. In the decades since, Hollywood has lived and died by the blockbuster, and so has American pop culture.Studios were defined by their blockbusters, giant investments in search of even bigger returns: “Star Wars” (again) and the Marvel Comics superhero films, “Harry Potter” and “The Fast and the Furious.” You know how to Google, how to Uber and how to Netflix and chill. Now, can Jeff Bezos get you to Zoox? Who wouldn’t want to be an American ambassador? Throughout Donald Trump’s presidency, there’s been an argument on the left over the sort of threat he poses. Americans are taught that the main function of the U.S. Constitution is the control of executive power: curtailing presidents who might seek to become tyrants. Other republics have lapsed into dictatorships (the Roman Republic, the Weimar Republic, the Republic of China and so on), but our elaborate constitutional system of checks and balances, engineered largely by James Madison, protects us from despotism. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Artificial intelligence often scares us. If you think going for a ride in a self-driving car requires a leap of faith, try having your life depend on an autonomous pancreas hitched to your belt whose algorithms are, for you, the difference between life and death. The order of animals known as Chiroptera, the bats, enjoys a mixed reputation among humans. I’m putting this politely: They have been calumniated and abused for centuries. The 2020 election revealed longstanding fractures in the foundation of our system for conducting presidential elections. Before these lead to an earthquake in a subsequent presidential election, we need to shore up that foundation. To tell a joke to a crowd is to learn a little something about the people who laugh. This should be a season of hope: We will shortly be getting a highly effective coronavirus vaccine, and the pandemic should wind down in the coming months. The Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union perpetually threatened to spark conflict in nations all over the world, including battles over the control of a vast array of natural and industrial resources. The new Cold War, between the United States and China, is increasingly focused on access to just one industry in one place: computer chips made in Taiwan. It’s about time, even if it’s been a very long 22 years. It’s bad enough when our political leaders promote quack theories about the coronavirus and its treatment. But what do we do about the doctors who enable them and use their medical authority to promote pseudoscience? A few days before Barack Obama left office, he invited a small group of conservative writers, all Never Trumpers, for a conversation in the White House’s Roosevelt Room. The mood was dark. Georgia begins early voting today in two runoffs that will decide the composition of the next U.S. Senate. If Democrats win both seats, the Senate will be split 50-50 (with Vice President-elect Kamala Harris acting as tiebreaker). If they don’t, it will be controlled by Republicans who stand ready to block many actions of a Biden presidency. Two of the most intense factions in our politics, the anti-Trump Resistance with its claim to be standing against fascism and the conservatives trying to delegitimize Joe Biden’s victory with claims of widespread voter fraud, agree on almost nothing, but they do agree on one point: The Trump administration was successfully undermined — the Trump agenda thwarted and Donald Trump himself defeated — by liberal institutions that refused to normalize him, maintained a persistent alarm about his presidency and took every opportunity to obstruct, investigate, protest and impeach. As the winter has deepened, the pandemic has surged. In the United States, case counts and hospitalizations are hitting and exceeding their highest points since the pandemic began. Countries across Europe have reinstated lockdowns and there are rumblings that states across the country could soon follow suit — some parts of California, for instance, have instituted new stay-at-home orders.  Far from overwhelming the Republican Party and sweeping it out of power, the extraordinarily high turnout of the 2020 presidential election probably saved its political prospects. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. “Let’s keep talking; I love talking to you, Mom.” Those were the last words spoken to me by my only child, Daniel, as we cleaned up the basement from his birthday festivities. He was still glowing from a glorious weekend at home with his parents and friends. This month’s conversation in our series on how various religious traditions deal with death is with Leor Halevi, a historian of Islam, and a professor of history and law at Vanderbilt University. His work explores the interrelationship between religious laws and social practices in both medieval and modern contexts. His books include “Muhammad’s Grave: Death Rites and the Making of Islamic Society” and “Modern Things on Trial: Islam’s Global and Material Reformation in the Age of Rida, 1865-1935.” This interview was conducted by email and edited. The previous interviews in this series can be found here. President-elect Joe Biden is expected to nominate a retired Army general, Lloyd Austin, for secretary of defense. The sudden onset of the pandemic in March sent the restaurant industry into a death spiral. Working in a notoriously low-margin business, many couldn’t withstand weeks of limited or no indoor dining. As a result, about one in six restaurants nationwide has closed permanently, and as of September nearly three million restaurant workers had lost their jobs. As some reports would have it, this is the beginning of the end. Three coronavirus vaccines have posted excellent results, with more expected to come. I still remember exactly where I was sitting decades ago, during the short film shown in class: For a few painful minutes, we watched a woman talking mechanically, raspily through a hole in her throat, pausing occasionally to gasp for air. More and more, politics determine which groups are favored and which are denigrated. Donald Trump’s public feuding with his own senior appointees is a signature aspect of his tumultuous presidency. The Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, and his colleagues are “boneheads”; a former national security adviser (John Bolton) is a “wacko”; and his former secretary of state (Rex Tillerson) is “dumb as a rock.” President Trump’s continuing attempts to overturn an election he lost decisively more than a month ago is, like so much of what he’s done in office, shocking but not surprising. Who imagined that he would go quietly? In many ways Joe Biden will enter the presidency in a politically enviable position. The arrival of the coronavirus vaccine means that, after running as the candidate of normalcy, he is poised to preside over its literal return, which could include not just economic recovery but also a period of personal exuberance — at last, restaurants! amusement parks! vacations! — that will feel much more euphoric than the post-financial-crisis grind did under Barack Obama 12 years ago. SÃO PAULO, Brazil — My country’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, has still not recognized Joe Biden as the winner of America’s presidential election. It’s the Christmas season, when the air is usually filled with the sound of carols, the jingling of cash registers and the cries of the religious right and its political bedmates complaining that a cashier who says, “happy holidays,” or an insufficiently Christmas-specific Starbucks cup constitutes an attack on their beliefs. In other words, it’s getting to be “war on Christmas” time. A long time ago — 100 years, give or take — a farmer dropped his pocket watch in a field in Missouri. Americans urgently need Congress to deliver a fresh round of economic aid. Millions of people who lost jobs in the spring are reaching the end of their unemployment benefits. Many have fallen behind on rent or mortgage payments. Many do not have enough to eat. New York State’s comptroller, Thomas DiNapoli, announced on Wednesday that the state would begin divesting its $226 billion employee pension fund from gas and oil companies if they can’t come up with a legitimate business plan within four years that is aligned with the goals of the Paris climate accord. Those investments have historically added up to roughly $12 billion. Perhaps you remember the terrible ordeal suffered by the White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders at the Red Hen in 2018. She was awaiting her entree at the Virginia farm-to-table restaurant when the co-owner, appalled by Sanders’s defense of Donald Trump’s administration, asked her to leave. This happened three days after the homeland security secretary at the time, Kirstjen Nielsen, was yelled at for the administration’s family separation policy as she tried to dine at a Mexican restaurant in Washington. Steven Galanis is helping celebrities get into the gig economy. He launched his company, Cameo, three years ago as a marketplace for the famous (and not-so-famous) to sell personalized shout-outs. It would appear that the people in America hit hardest by Covid-19 — Black people — are also the group most leery about the prospects of a vaccine. President-elect Joe Biden has pledged to put democracy back on the agenda after four years of President Trump’s unapologetic coddling of dictators. Mr. Biden has promised to host a gathering of the world’s democracies to demonstrate his commitment to democratic values both abroad and at home. But will Mr. Biden go beyond rhetoric and gestures to making concrete policy? What if athletes and coaches were trained to look for depression just as vigilantly as they’d be watching for a hamstring pull? In the Op-Ed video above, Alexi Pappas, who lives in Los Angeles, argues that we should view mental health and physical health as equally important and as treatable as a torn ACL. She would know. She’s a record-setting runner who raced at the 2016 Olympics in Rio but came crashing down after she experienced clinical depression soon after. Last week, at least 55 inmates at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn tested positive for the coronavirus, according to Federal Bureau of Prisons data. To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android. President-elect Joe Biden has made it clear that his preferred method for dealing with Iran is to find a way back to the nuclear deal the Obama administration concluded in 2015, while bargaining for an extension to some of its key provisions. Dr. Ozlem Tureci and Dr. Ugur Sahin, the co-founders of BioNTech, are behind the first coronavirus vaccine to be approved in the West. Starting next week, the “Pfizer vaccine” will be available in Britain. Last month, a war erupted in America over whether to celebrate Thanksgiving if it involved visiting family and friends. My Twitter feed was filled with people railing against scenes of crowded airports, as if those traveling to see loved ones were attacking them personally. The windows are now smashed, and that’s a good thing, broken glass notwithstanding. It’s never been easy to run a small business in New York City. The city’s entrepreneurs have long faced dizzying odds: high rents and high taxes, byzantine restrictions from City Hall and fierce competition from corporate big-box stores as well as the bodega next door. He walks too slowly, a languorous Hawaiian ambler. She’s a get-to-the-point woman, in gait and gab. He’s a politician. She has no use for the type. He gets tangled up in fancy talk. She cuts through the fluff. He smoked. She loathes the smell of cigarettes. Justice Amy Coney Barrett had a choice. If we can’t get a Covid-19 relief package through Congress in the next week or two, we’re sunk. It means we have a legislative branch so ideologically divided it can’t address even our most glaring problems. It means we have representatives so lacking in the willingness and ability to compromise that minimally competent government will be impossible, even under a President Joe Biden. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. For my entire life, I have found it very difficult just to exist. It’s been four weeks since Joe Biden was declared the winner of a hard-fought election. The votes have been counted in Georgia. Three times. Yet the incumbent refuses to admit defeat and released a 46-minute video alleging “massive fraud.” He’s made it clear that he’s not going to go quietly. So I’m sure you’re all wondering what I’ve been wondering: When is the international community going to step in and resolve this crisis? In the wake of two horrific incidents of Islamist terrorism in France, President Emmanuel Macron and many of his countrymen have reacted angrily to criticism from abroad suggesting that French policies, and especially the French version of state-enforced secularism, somehow contributed to the lethal radicalization of a sliver of the country’s large Muslim population. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Attorney General William Barr’s decision on Tuesday to name John Durham, the U.S. attorney for Connecticut appointed by President Trump, as special counsel to investigate matters surrounding the 2016 election violates the rules for special counsels as well as fundamental democratic principles. In the popular narrative of American history, Black Americans made essentially no measurable progress toward equality with white Americans until the lightning-bolt changes of the civil rights revolution. If that narrative were charted along the course of the 20th century, it would be a flat line for decades, followed by a sharp, dramatic upturn toward equality beginning in the 1960s: the shape of a hockey stick. Amid all the wild swings in U.S. politics over the past decade, one thing has remained constant: the G.O.P. position on government debt. The party considers high levels of debt an existential threat — if a Democrat is sitting in the White House. If a Republican president presides over big deficits, well, as Donald Trump’s budget director reportedly told supporters last year, “nobody cares.” Several thousand people dressed in yellow or pink, colors associated with the royal family of Thailand, gathered along the road to the Grand Palace in Bangkok on Saturday to celebrate the birthday of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died in 2016. Leaf Town started in the fall, during recess. Under normal circumstances, I would have flown to one or both of the Dakotas to write this column, but the whole point is that these aren’t normal circumstances. And I don’t have a death wish. As the Biden administration slowly coalesces, there have been many calls for its Justice Department to prosecute Donald Trump for any crimes he may have committed while in office. The hope, proponents of this view argue, is to establish that the president is subject to the rule of law and to deter future presidents from breaking the law. Barack Obama continues his rather strange mission to confront and correct young liberal activists. It is an odd post-presidential note: A man who is beloved and admired on the left is using his cultural currency as a corrective against those who are on a quest for change. Gabriel Sterling, a Georgia election official and longtime Republican, held a news conference this week in which, with barely contained rage, he excoriated Donald Trump’s lies about voter fraud and the threats of violence those lies inspired. Florida once again offered an electoral conundrum this year. Even as the state’s voters filled in the bubble for Donald Trump, they did the same for one of the policies that his opponent, Joe Biden, consistently championed on the campaign trail. They voted by more than 20 percentage points to add an amendment to the Florida Constitution raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. With just one cabinet appointment, President-elect Joe Biden could tackle economic inequality, the rural/urban divide, climate change, the growing mistrust of science, systemic racism and even the coronavirus. This article contains descriptions of sexual assault. Visa dominates the lucrative business of processing debit card transactions. Merchants must choose between paying the financial services company’s fees or forgoing sales to the millions of Americans who carry cards emblazoned with Visa’s logo. NASHVILLE — When Sarah Fuller stepped onto the field at the University of Missouri on Nov. 28, she wasn’t wearing the jersey she normally wears as a goalkeeper for Vanderbilt University’s women’s soccer team. On that Saturday after Thanksgiving, she was wearing full pads and a Commodores football jersey. Her helmet was emblazoned with the words “Play Like a Girl.” Who gets to be at the front of the long line for a coronavirus vaccination? It’s a question that each state must answer as it prepares to distribute precious doses of much-anticipated vaccines. As governors and other officials decide which groups to prioritize, a crucial test of their commitment to public health and ethics will be how they treat those behind bars. MIAMI — I had the honor once of being kicked out of a Donald Trump news conference. I asked him a question he didn’t want to answer and a security guard threw me out. It happened on Aug. 25, 2015, in Dubuque, Iowa, during Mr. Trump’s first presidential campaign. To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android. The opioid crisis remains one of America’s deadliest public health disasters. Victims demand answers about how it happened and who was responsible. Joe Biden won the presidency because, at a moment when so many Americans were exhausted by the chaos and nastiness of the Trump era, he promised stability, decency and healing. At the heart of his candidacy was the vow to be “a president for all Americans” as he labored “to restore the soul of the nation.” The pregnancy test is one of the most ubiquitous home health care products in America. What resembled a child’s chemistry set when it first arrived on the market in 1977 is now the widely available wand. Today, dozens of different devices promise to promptly deliver what any possibly-pregnant person is assumed to want: knowledge of her status. There have been few surprises this past month in how Donald Trump has dealt with the reality of his electoral defeat. I am not a private person — quite the opposite — but I do have two secrets. The first concerns some Bad Events that happened to me long ago (yes, it’s the sort of thing you are thinking of), and the second is an unrelated Fact about my neurological makeup. Marielle Heller had her big acting break in “The Queens Gambit,” a chess drama that has already been viewed on Netflix by over 60 million households. But prior to her performance as Alma Wheatley, Ms. Heller was already a big name — off the screen. Measured solely by policy accomplishments, Betsy DeVos, one of Donald Trump’s longest-serving cabinet officials, was a flop in her four years as secretary of education. BERLIN — When the German company BioNTech and Pfizer announced last month that they had very promising results for a vaccine against the coronavirus, my Twitter feed went wild. Since its origins in the ninth century, Dadivank Monastery has withstood Seljuk and Mongol invasions, Persian domination, Soviet rule and, this fall, a second brutal war between Armenia and Azerbaijan. Now the majestic stone complex — which includes two frescoed churches, a bell tower and numerous medieval inscriptions — faces something that could be even worse: a dangerous peace. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. President Trump was right about the “deep state” — sort of. There exist, in government, people and forces rigged to foil disruption. We’ve all been so concerned about the transition on Jan. 20 that many of us have forgotten another critical date for American democracy: Dec. 31. That’s when the federal eviction moratorium — which has held the pandemic-related eviction tsunami at bay — expires. After that date, more than 30 million Americans are at risk of losing their homes. Congress must act to stabilize the country’s rental market, prevent widespread displacement and curtail the growing domination of housing by big corporations. Sometimes it seems like the single point of consensus in America’s fractured politics is contempt for New York City’s mayor, Bill de Blasio. President-elect Joe Biden was in a good mood as we talked on the phone Tuesday evening for an hour — he in Delaware and I in Bethesda, Md. He apologized, though, for being late. He had been following the breaking news that Attorney General William Barr had announced that the Justice Department had not uncovered any significant fraud that could have affected the results of the presidential election. It’s all over. Joshua Wong and Agnes Chow, two icons of Hong Kong’s pro-democracy movement, are going to prison. On Wednesday, Joshua was sentenced to 13.5 months, Agnes to 10 months and a third defendant, Ivan Lam, to seven months, for inciting, organizing or participating in an unlawful assembly at Hong Kong Police Headquarters in June 2019. (They had pleaded guilty.) But they might not get out for quite a bit longer than that: The Chinese government, acting through the Hong Kong authorities, has already pressed more charges. And its point, after all, is to stamp out dissent in Hong Kong. There’s a lot we still don’t know about how President-elect Joe Biden and his foreign policy team will approach the world. But this much is clear: They believe in American “leadership.” For years, the stalemate in Afghanistan has left American officials torn between two bad options: Prop up a corrupt, hopelessly divided Afghan government indefinitely or admit defeat and go home, leaving the country to its fate. At 19 years and counting, the U.S.-led effort in Afghanistan is already the longest war in American history. A consensus has been forming that it is time for U.S. troops to come home. But the speed of the withdrawal and whether any residual force will be left behind to carry out counterterrorism operations remain open questions. In battleground congressional and statehouse districts, the same pattern appeared over and over again this year. At the top of the ticket, Joe Biden won, often handily. Further down the ticket, in contests for seats in the House and state legislatures, Democratic candidates repeatedly lost. President-elect Joe Biden has begun to announce his intended cabinet nominees, and it’s an impressive and diverse group: his picks include an experienced African-American diplomat for ambassador to the United Nations; the first Latino nominated as homeland security secretary; and the first woman tapped to serve as director of national intelligence. I remember being at the hotel on election night in 1993 where Mayor David Dinkins and his supporters had gathered to celebrate what they hoped would be his re-election. I was a reporter for The Village Voice, and the polls had been close. As the coronavirus pandemic rages on, Americans have another disease to worry about — the flu. Fortunately, there’s already a cheap, effective and readily available influenza vaccine. So why aren’t migrant children in U.S. detention facilities getting it when we know the flu can be deadly? Under the Trump administration, at least three children who were detained have died of the flu. The Supreme Court last week made a major move toward constitutional normalcy: It blocked enforcement of Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s hyper-restrictive rules for in-person religious services in New York until the government provides logical justification for treating worship more harshly than seemingly comparable (or riskier) activities. To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android. When Joe Biden is inaugurated, he will immediately be confronted with an unprecedented challenge — and I don’t mean the pandemic, although Covid-19 will almost surely be killing thousands of Americans every day. I mean, instead, that he’ll be the first modern U.S. president trying to govern in the face of an opposition that refuses to accept his legitimacy. And no, Democrats by and large were not claiming Donald Trump was illegitimate, just that he was incompetent and dangerous. It appears that our democracy dodged a bullet — or, more precisely, multiple concerted efforts by the president of the United States to torpedo its very foundations. Social media companies this election cycle did more to try to prevent the spread of misinformation than in any previous American election. It wasn’t nearly enough. It may take a terrorist attack, a war or some other national emergency, but America will one day thank Justice Neil Gorsuch for his stirring words last week in Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn v. Cuomo. “Government,” he wrote in a concurrence to the 5-4 majority opinion, “is not free to disregard the First Amendment in times of crisis.” Take it from me, a noncitizen, there is much to learn from the naturalization test, one of the final hurdles an immigrant must clear to become a citizen. HARRISBURG, Pa. — Donald Trump will soon be gone from the White House. But in the millions of homes where Latino immigrants live, the questions that have dominated the past four years will not soon go away: Will I ever see my mother again? Will there be a time where I won’t live with the fear of disappearing on my way to work, never to be seen again by my neighbors? Will I be able to go to college? Will my parents ever escape the nightmare of immigration bureaucracy? President-elect Joe Biden has pledged to “marshal the forces of science” in his administration. Undoubtedly he needs to start by bolstering the credibility of the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Trump administration’s indifference to the environment and President Trump’s hostility to the laws providing clean water and air, protecting endangered species and keeping public lands and forests free from commercial intrusion have been so unsparing that one had to blink twice at what, finally, after nearly four years, was a piece of undiluted good news. One hundred years ago, Congress passed the Mineral Leasing Act of 1920, setting up a system in which companies lease public lands to wrest valuable oil and gas from the ground. In the century since, the royalties and rent that those corporations pay to the American people for access have remained essentially unchanged even as the scale of development and profits has grown hugely. Here we are, just four weeks past Election Day, and renewed skirmishing has already broken out within the Democratic Party. Having mostly rallied behind Joe Biden after the primaries, progressives now want their policies and their people embedded in the new administration. Bret Stephens: Gail, we both need to spend December recovering from the dramas and traumas of 2020, so this will be our last conversation until 2021. Looking back on the year so far, do you feel more optimistic, or less, than you did when it began? It took a pandemic, but New York City is seeing more clearly than ever that its roadways can do more than move cars and trucks. MIAMI — I was on a work call late Wednesday morning when my wife ran into the room to tell me that Diego Armando Maradona, Argentina’s national treasure and arguably soccer’s most beloved and polarizing figure, had died of a heart attack. I immediately tuned into Argentine news, and a ticker at the bottom of the screen read, “Maradona has died” in all caps. President Trump’s critics warn that history will look unkindly on his effort to overturn a democratic election. This forecast, while understandable, may be wrong. History rarely looks on one-term presidents at all. I attended a Thanksgiving dinner several years ago where the hostess, without warning family and friends, broke with tradition and served salmon instead of turkey, roasted potatoes instead of mashed, raspberry coulis instead of cranberry sauce and … you get the idea. When Israel engineered the assassinations of a half-dozen Iranian nuclear scientists from 2010 to 2012, supporters of these killings argued that they would help slow a nuclear program at a time when multilateral diplomacy was showing little progress. HAMBURG, Germany — It may well be that Germans have a special inclination to panic at specters from the past, and I admit that this alarmism annoys me at times. Yet watching President Trump’s “Stop the Steal” campaign since Election Day, I can’t help but see a parallel to one of the most dreadful episodes from Germany’s history. One of the great successes of the Republican Party in recent decades is the relentless propagation of a simple formula for economic growth: tax cuts. If you are having a hard time fathoming how Donald Trump could deny reality, attempt to force-feed America his fictions, fight truth with conspiracy and concoction, and try to spin a loss into a victory, you shouldn’t. You need only be open to a fair analysis of Trump’s life. There is nothing new about this man’s behavior. This is what he has always been: a liar, a con man and a grifter. With the assassination presumably by Israel of Iran’s top nuclear warhead designer, the Middle East is promising to complicate Joe Biden’s job from Day 1. President-elect Biden knows the region well, but if I had one piece of advice for him, it would be this: This is not the Middle East you left four years ago. As the Trump presidency fades to black, it is time for Washington to get to work. In embracing Joe Biden, the American people cast a vote for civility, pragmatism and competence. Lawmakers now have a duty to hunker down and find ways to make progress on critical issues. But with both chambers of Congress narrowly divided and ideologically polarized, coming together on even the most modest deals could prove daunting. It’s hard to overstate the enthusiasm among economists over Joe Biden’s selection of Janet Yellen as the next secretary of the Treasury. Some of this enthusiasm reflects the groundbreaking nature of her appointment. She won’t just be the first woman to hold the job, she’ll be the first person to have held all three of the traditional top U.S. policy positions in economics — chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, chair of the Federal Reserve and now Treasury secretary. President Trump’s disastrous mishandling of the coronavirus pandemic probably cost him re-election. Yet it seems mind-boggling that he still won more votes than any incumbent president in American history despite his dereliction of responsibility at a time of a once-in-a-century health crisis and economic devastation. So, what do you think Donald Trump is giving thanks for this year? “Mr. Biden has vowed to turn the page on the ‘aberration’ of Mr. Trump’s foreign policy,” wrote Robert Malley and Philip H. Gordon in the Op-Ed “Trump Still Has 70 Days to Wreak Havoc Around the World.” But is that what people around the world really want? Last week, a dispatch from Nova Scotia left me reeling. The journalist Stephanie Nolen described her life in the province, not terribly far from the American mainland, as “a parallel dimension” where gym classes and dinner parties still happen and community spread of the coronavirus is low. In an effort to explain how the area beat back the virus, she wrote: One December day in 1991, a woman walked into a Bon-Ton department store in Ithaca, N.Y., in a state of high anxiety. Christmas loomed and she had yet to purchase a single gift. A clerk devoted herself to the customer’s cause, moving through the store with her to select something for each person on her extensive list. On Nov. 6, an Ethiopian friend messaged me on WhatsApp: Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed had ordered airstrikes against the regional government in the country’s northernmost Tigray Province, bordering Eritrea and Sudan. I looked up from my phone screen in a daze. My friend was raging at the return of violence. “Why don’t these men give us a break?” As with so much in our lives, Thanksgiving has become a cultural battleground. Politicians and pundits debate whether we should use the day to memorialize the tragedy of the Indians or to celebrate the new liberties of the Pilgrims in America. There is something noble and inspiring about masses of people rising up to demand democracy. Such movements may not always succeed in ushering in better government — witness Hong Kong, or the Arab Spring — but even when they do not, they deliver an indelible message that elemental freedoms cannot be forever denied. In 1995, I was a 25-year-old Brooklyn father of a one-and-a-half-year-old son. I had recently joined The Times and had become the paper’s youngest newsroom department head since a man named Lester Markel was named Sunday editor in 1923. In a recent Monmouth University survey, 77 percent of Trump backers said Joe Biden had won the presidential election because of fraud. Many of these same people think climate change is not real. Many of these same people believe they don’t need to listen to scientific experts on how to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. In this past year of change, my mind and heart have overflowed with people. People I think of and pray for, and sometimes cry with, people with names and faces, people who died without saying goodbye to those they loved, families in difficulty, even going hungry, because there’s no work. This Thanksgiving, I’m going to make myself a French 75 and toast the end of a very bad, horrible, no-good year. I’ll be the only one in our family following Dr. Fauci’s advice to “bite the bullet” and skip our large holiday gathering. No doubt, my Trump-loving family will pour one out for the president. In that spirit, my brother, Kevin, offers the following threnody for Donald Trump. Here’s a tip: Don’t get into a car with your family and tell everyone that Jeff Bezos is listening through the device on your wrist.  In September, I bought a visual timer for Bert, my 8-year-old son. It’s just like a clock, but instead of hands, it has a red plastic film that turns the hour into a kind of pie chart. Set it to 15 minutes, and it silently counts down. Three beeps when it’s done. Recently, at a funeral, I got to thinking about the lesser challenges of the mask. Not the should-you-or-shouldn’t-you, which is settled science at this point, but the specific problem of how to cry with a mask on. This was especially pressing for me because, as an incorrigible weeper — it doesn’t matter if I’m a third friend twice removed — I was streaming tears before the service had begun. But the mask posed a new challenge: How to blow my nose discreetly and with enough frequency that I didn’t wind up with a big wet splotch in the middle, surely a repellent look during a raging pandemic? How to lift my mask to do the requisite wiping without someone looking askance? Vanessa Matos couldn’t believe what she was reading. “I was like, OK, this is a scam,” she recalled of the letter she received in February. Her husband, she said, had the same reaction: “Yeah, this isn’t real.” As the 20th century closed, I sat as a teenager in a lecture hall and listened to Henry Kissinger declare that China would soon be the next global superpower — and all young Americans needed to know more about it. Donald Trump is exiting political life much the same way he entered it, pushing conspiracy theories for personal gain. Now, as then, these aren’t just any old conspiracy theories, but ones that hinge on the fundamental illegitimacy of a whole class of Americans. LONDON — I missed the first call from Karim. I was watching TV, and my phone was on silent. The previous day, one of my husband’s colleagues from the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights — one of the last remaining human rights organizations in Egypt — had been arrested. But Karim reassured me: He was taking a few days’ break on the beach; he said there was no need to worry. He always tells me that. LOS ANGELES — As the pandemic spikes, the economy convulses and democracy fissures, the urgent need to restore faith in government cries out for leaders with authenticity. BEIJING — The domestic politics of major countries are never kept within their borders — and the future policy orientation of the United States has become a hot topic for many people in China. In the run-up to Election Day, there was a lot of talk about the gender gap and the importance of the women’s vote for Joe Biden’s chances. In some polls, Mr. Biden was leading President Trump by as much as 23 points among likely female voters. The actual gap, according to an early CNN exit poll, may be closer to a far smaller 15 points. Update: This documentary short film is nominated for the 93rd Academy Awards. During the Covid-19 pandemic, the world is unwittingly conducting what amounts to the largest immunological experiment in history on our own children. We have been keeping children inside, relentlessly sanitizing their living spaces and their hands and largely isolating them. In doing so, we have prevented large numbers of them from becoming infected or transmitting the virus. But in the course of social distancing to mitigate the spread, we may also be unintentionally inhibiting the proper development of children’s immune systems. In mid-October I asked two people I’d never met to give me their Facebook account passwords for three weeks leading up to and after Election Day. I wanted to immerse myself in the feeds of a type of person who has become a trope of sorts in our national discussion about politics and disinformation: baby boomers with an attachment to polarizing social media. When the Biden administration takes office in 2021, it will face a unique, fraught decision: Should Donald Trump be criminally investigated and prosecuted? The word Dolchstosslegende is hard to pronounce but important to understand. It translates as “stab-in-the-back myth” and was a key element in the revival of German militarism in the Weimar years. Even modestly educated Germans know exactly what it denotes and the evil it entails. At the end of September, the Centers for Disease Control posted a list of recommendations for how Americans can safely celebrate Thanksgiving this year. Eat all the pie you want (but only with your immediate family). Attend parades and big games (but only on TV). Shop till you drop (from the couch). Skip the flight back home (Zoom with your relatives instead). Give thanks (while maintaining social distance). What if there were a glamorous ceremony for public health officials — complete with a fancy theater, black-tie host and a beautiful award to hand out — to thank them for all their lifesaving work, especially during a once-in-a-lifetime pandemic? I’ll never live it down: how I walked up to Kathleen’s seat at the head of her table, muttered “worst Thanksgiving I ever had” to her, and then — so the story goes — sighed, shook my head, and stomped out of the dining room. After a Boeing 737 Max jet plunged into the ocean off the coast of Indonesia in October 2018, killing all 189 passengers and crew members aboard, Boeing quickly diagnosed the problem: faulty software. The company immediately promised to fix the code, reminded pilots how to handle a potential malfunction and insisted the Max was safe. When I called up Chuck Collins on Tuesday afternoon, I found him glued to one of the grimmest new metrics documenting America’s economic and social unraveling. The Defense Department recently announced troop withdrawals by Jan. 15 that will reduce American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan to 2,500 each from their one-time highs of some 170,000 and 100,000 troops, respectively. This drawdown makes explicit what those of us who served in the military have long realized: We lost. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The United States is more than eight months into the pandemic and people are back waiting in long lines to be tested as coronavirus infections surge again. And yet there is still no federal standard to ensure testing results are being uniformly reported. Without uniform results, it is impossible to track cases accurately or respond effectively. It was a July morning that began as ordinarily as any other day: Make breakfast. Feed the dogs. Take vitamins. Find that missing sock. Pick up the rogue crayon that rolled under the table. Throw my hair in a ponytail before getting my son from his crib. To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android. First, a sigh of relief: We elected a president who actually believes in government. Who’s made John Kerry, a serious diplomat, his climate czar — and put him on the National Security Council, recognizing, as our military has for years, that an unstable climate is a matter of war and peace. There was a super-spreader event last week in the United States Senate. It wasn’t the coronavirus, however, that was spreading, but misinformation. Since 2008, partisan distrust of presidential election results has been substantial. In 2016, only 43 percent of Democrats believed that the election was free and fair; now, only 30 percent of Republicans do. Each party’s supporters are more likely to believe that the vote was free and fair if they won, and those on the losing side are becoming more suspicious of the results. With a defeated president trying for weeks to overturn an election he has falsely called fraudulent, our partisan breach will be hard to repair. We all knew that Donald Trump would react badly to defeat. But his refusal to concede, the destructiveness of his temper tantrum and the willingness of almost the entire Republican Party to indulge him have surpassed even pessimists’ expectations. Linda Ronstadt remembers that night: “He came onstage and the place just exploded. He was so dynamic and he was so charismatic and he was so good. And he just ripped the hell out of that piano and sang his ass off.” As of a couple of weeks ago, Hong Kong no longer has a formal political opposition. The entire pro-democracy camp resigned from Hong Kong’s Legislative Council in protest over a resolution by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in Beijing that legalized the removal of four opposition legislators — a decision Carrie Lam, Hong Kong’s chief executive, had essentially requested. With so many families gathering, in person or virtually, for this most unusual Thanksgiving after this most unusual election, if you’re looking for a special way to say grace this year, I recommend the West Point Cadet Prayer. It calls upon each of these future military leaders to always choose “the harder right instead of the easier wrong” and to know “no fear when truth and right are in jeopardy.” The 2020 election was not simply free of fraud, or whatever cooked-up malfeasance the president is braying about at this hour. It was, from an administrative standpoint, a resounding success. In the face of a raging pandemic and the highest turnout in more than a century, Americans enjoyed one of the most secure, most accurate and most well-run elections ever. The threats our nation faces today are complex and interrelated — cyberattacks that seek to undermine our elections; violent extremism and white nationalism; the proliferation of nuclear weapons and loose nuclear material; extreme weather disasters made worse by climate change; and a public health emergency that has killed over 250,000 Americans. A friend was all worked up about the possibility of Trump 2024. My birthday fell on Election Day 2016. The giant carrot cake sat uncut at our watch party as we saw Ohio flash red. Then Florida. Sometime around North Carolina, my friends started mumbling the “Happy Birthday” song. I blew out the candles, knowing the electoral map would deny me my wish. Five hundred million years ago, a tiny sea creature changed the course of history: It became the first predator. It somehow sensed the presence of another creature nearby, propelled or wiggled its way over, and deliberately ate it. This will be a painful holiday season in many households, with fewer people hugging and handing out gifts. But if you’re feeling that the holidays have been “canceled” and you’re struggling to find hope and meaning this season, have I got some uplifting ideas for you! I last saw my old professor Abduqadir Jalalidin at his Urumqi apartment in late 2016. Over home-pulled laghman noodles and a couple of bottles of Chinese liquor, we talked and laughed about everything from Uighur literature to American politics. Several years earlier, when I had defended my master’s thesis on Uighur poetry, Jalalidin, himself a famous poet, had sat across from me and asked hard questions. Now we were just friends. As Americans grapple with how — or whether — to gather with loved ones this holiday season, the roughly two million people confined in the nation’s prisons and jails face an even grimmer challenge: how to stay alive inside a system being ravaged by the coronavirus pandemic. MEXICO CITY — Joe Biden’s election will impact Latin America in several ways. One is a change in tone. Another is foreign policy per se, which given the asymmetry between the United States and the rest of the hemisphere, is always significant. And more so today, in view of the growing need for a multilateral approach to the Coronavirus pandemic. Jane Goodall is an expert on alpha males — for decades, she’s been studying them in chimpanzee communities. She’s also inspired leaders in business, politics and culture to change their approach to animals and the environment. Gail Collins: Bret, we’re living through a time of extreme crisis: a sitting president refusing to acknowledge his re-election defeat. But when we look back I have a feeling our sharpest memory will be Rudy Giuliani’s melting hairline. After years of passively watching nationalist governments in Hungary and Poland undermine democratic rule, the European Union finally drew the line this year and declared that disbursements from the E.U. budget and a special coronavirus relief fund would be contingent on each member’s adherence to the rule of law. Hungary and Poland have shamelessly retaliated by threatening to veto the Union’s next seven-year budget, emergency funds and all, unless the condition is scrapped. Last Thursday, Rudy Giuliani, a Trump campaign lawyer, alleged a widespread voting conspiracy involving Venezuela, Cuba and China. Another lawyer, Sidney Powell, argued that Mr. Trump won in a landslide, the entire election in swing states should be overturned and the legislatures should make sure that the electors are selected for the president. Even as the campaign lawsuits brought by President Trump over the 2020 election enter their death throes, many people continue to worry that Mr. Trump will find three Republican legislatures to magically snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. They are concerned that he will pull off an antidemocratic hat trick through maneuvers like delaying recounts in Wisconsin and blocking certification in Michigan to allow these legislatures to submit competing slates of electors to Congress. The goal is to prevent Joe Biden from securing the Electoral College votes he needs on Jan. 6 for Congress to declare him president. NASHVILLE — In the box of old photos I found after my mother’s death, there’s a picture of me taken on Thanksgiving Day 1983, in the fall of my senior year of college. I’m lying on the sofa reading James Agee’s letters to Father Flye. I don’t know why the photo exists — we were not a family who documented ordinary moments. Our pictures centered on people gathered around birthday cakes and Christmas trees. Film wasn’t wasted on someone who has no idea a picture is being taken. Certainly not on someone who isn’t even smiling. On Bill Clinton’s Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, 1993, he found on the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway desk in the Oval Office a gracious, handwritten letter left for him by the Republican president whom he had defeated. This is the year for an improv Thanksgiving. YANGON, Myanmar — The National League for Democracy, the incumbent party led by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, secured another landslide victory in the general elections of Nov. 8. It did better even than in 2015, a landmark election, winning this year 396 of the 476 elected seats to be filled in both the lower and the upper houses. (Another 166 seats were reserved for military appointees.) Every immigrant arrives in this country with an implied debt. This country was nice enough to let you in, handed you a bag of rights and will now leave you alone to make your fortune. Left and right might disagree on how many people to let into the country or how to treat them when they’re here, but both sides expect a return on their good will. I took out my first student loans more than 20 years ago. I had dropped out of college just before the start of my junior year. I took a couple of years off, and when I went back I had to pay for my final two years myself. I understood the responsibility I was assuming, but I was working minimum wage jobs at the time — retail, telemarketing, bartending. Repayment seemed like a vague, distant concept in large part because I could not fathom being able to repay such staggering amounts of money. I went to graduate school and got two more degrees, and though those programs were funded, I took out student loans because it was impossible to live on the meager stipends we were given. The cease-fire brokered by Russia in Nagorno-Karabakh has silenced the guns and driven off the drones. That is good. But the deep-rooted feud between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the remote South Caucasus enclave has only been updated for an altered balance of power, not resolved. The burning houses of fleeing Armenians promise that it will erupt again. And in the demonic logic of conflicts which touch on elemental religious and cultural narratives, every eruption of violence adds another layer of mortal grievances, pushing a lasting peace further beyond the pale. SAN FRANCISCO — When the coronavirus came here in March, local leaders seemed to do things right. They issued the nation’s first shelter in place order, promptly shut down schools and businesses and made masks routine. It worked: The city has experienced some of the lowest test positivity rates in the country.Now, city officials are forging ahead with a tentative school reopening plan hatched earlier this month, and it couldn’t have come at a worse time. The coronavirus has entered a frightening new stage nationwide — triggering school districts around the country to shutter, including in New York City and the entire state of Kentucky — and putting San Francisco on the horns of a dilemma.The district’s goal of opening some schools could bring relief to thousands of parents and students, but their plan was written for another reality. Virus rates are suddenly spiking, prompting Gov. Gavin Newsom of California on Thursday to issue a nighttime curfew affecting nearly every county in the state, though San Francisco is below the threshold. As a result, officials here face pushback from some unions, teachers and parents.Whether San Francisco ultimately proceeds can be a bellwether: If schools cannot reopen here where virus rates remain comparatively low, what hope do other cities have for a return to something resembling normalcy?There is mounting evidence that prolonged distance learning could have long-term effects on schoolchildren and their families, including higher dropout rates and lower income in later years. Parents and caretakers have suffered, too, as homebound schooling has caused many to alter their work lives, disproportionately affecting women, minorities and the underprivileged. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has embraced a terrible idea that has been circulating among senior officials in Washington over the past few weeks. Citing improving economic conditions, Mr. Mnuchin has essentially declared “mission accomplished” for programs that have contributed to the economy’s recovery so far and is allowing them to expire at the end of the year. Just when we thought we could sleep again. Just when we thought his malevolent reign was over, his poison bottled, that the sun was coming out tomorrow. Just when nearly 80 million Americans could shout the words of Dr. Seuss to Marvin K. Mooney: “Please go now!” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is spending his last few months in office trying to undermine President-elect Joe Biden and the American economy. This article has been updated to include additional information on the writer’s plans. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: The country is coming to a crossroads on Monday. That’s the date Michigan is to certify the results of the 2020 election. Yet President Trump has chosen a state he lost by more than 150,000 votes — more than 14 times the size of his 2016 victory in Michigan — to try to subvert the election. Not long before Election Day, Joe Biden traveled to Warm Springs, Ga., to deliver a speech on the healing of America. MEXICO CITY — On June 17, 1971, President Richard Nixon stood in front of the White House press corps and made his historic declaration of a new type of war.  “Public Enemy No. 1 in the United States is drug abuse,” he said. “In order to fight and defeat this enemy, it’s necessary to wage a new all-out offensive.” WASHINGTON — I’ve been riveted all week by the spectacle of the most famous blond phenom on the planet, a child isolated and miserable living inside a national landmark, lashing out and spiraling into self-destructive acts. Consumed by Election Day, Congress effectively abandoned the country when it failed to reach an agreement in October on a desperately needed relief bill. Now, its energy is geared toward the partisan mess of the presidential transition and two Senate runoffs in Georgia. Conspiracy theories come in all shapes and sizes, but perhaps the most common form is the global cabal theory. A recent survey of 26,000 people in 25 countries asked respondents whether they believe there is “a single group of people who secretly control events and rule the world together.” A mental health professional might describe the period immediately after the death of my husband as shock. Anyone else would have described it as The Holidays. Joe Biden’s lead in the presidential election results in Pennsylvania has now surpassed 81,000 votes, far exceeding Donald Trump’s 44,000-vote victory margin there four years ago. Yet the Trump campaign continues to claim in court huge but incalculable levels of fraud, particularly in Philadelphia. In the wake of the murder of George Floyd and the season of protests for equality and against police violence that followed, universities are seeking to affirm and reaffirm their commitments to racial justice at all levels. Administrators are drawing up institutional plans to address structural racism (my employer, Arizona State University, put out its own this fall), and faculty are reorienting their courses to greater emphasize diversity and inclusion. This overdue reckoning is welcome, an opportunity to address longstanding inequities and injustices perpetrated by the sprawling conglomerates of higher education.  As Covid-19 cases in my city climb to record levels and county officials warn the vulnerable among us to shelter in place, I feel as if I’m living in the cursed kingdom of Narnia, in C.S. Lewis’s children’s fantasy “The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.” In Narnia, it’s “always winter and never Christmas.” As a health journalist, a physician and a former foreign correspondent who lived through SARS in Beijing, I often get questions from friends, colleagues and people I don’t even know about how to live during our current pandemic. Do I think it’s safe to plan a real wedding next June? Would I send my kids to school, with appropriate precautions? When will I trust a vaccine? After all we’ve been through this year, wouldn’t it be nice, even during a distanced holiday season, to be able to talk about this whole experience with others, in a deep, satisfying way? To help, I’ve put together a list of nonobvious lessons for how to have better conversations, which I’ve learned from people wiser than myself: Officials are still counting votes for the 2020 presidential election, but that hasn’t stopped professional commentators from drawing any number of broad conclusions about the state of American politics from the results thus far. “I WON THE ELECTION!” President Trump lied on Twitter on Sunday — as he has done over and over again since Joe Biden was declared the winner this month. President-Elect Joe Biden has a daunting task ahead of him: reviving an economy that’s depressed while governing a country that’s politically divided. But one of his core advisers, Raj Chetty, believes that there’s a way to push past the politics: data. When grad students of the future write dissertations on the worst presidential transitions in American history, I have a feeling 2020 will get a lot of attention. The Democratic Party is struggling with internal contradictions, as its mixed performance on Election Day makes clear. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Imagine that cities and states were considered an industrial sector, like automobiles or airlines. Collectively, they employ about 23 million essential workers like teachers, police officers and firefighters. They contribute over  $3 trillion  to the nation’s gross domestic product. The next few months are going to be incredibly grim. The pandemic is exploding, but Donald Trump is tweeting while America burns. His officials, unwilling to admit that he lost the election, are refusing even to share coronavirus data with the Biden team. American cities have sought to keep restaurants in business during the coronavirus pandemic by allowing indoor dining. With the virus spreading out of control across large swaths of the country, continuing to allow it risks an even greater public health disaster. There is ample evidence that the coronavirus spreads with ease among people eating in enclosed spaces. Seventy-three million Americans voted for Donald Trump. He doubled down on all his worst vices, and he was rewarded for it with 10 million more votes than he received in 2016. Many progressives are in despair at the prospect of Joe Biden facing a Senate with Mitch McConnell as majority leader. On top of that, this might be as good as it gets for Biden: The president’s party almost always loses seats in Congress at the midterm, which may well mean divided government for his entire term. For months, some of China’s best-known dissidents have served up a striking anomaly: While pushing for democracy and free speech at home, they have supported the re-election of Donald Trump, a president who has disdained democratic norms in the United States, sometimes even mimicking China’s leaders, for example by calling for political opponents to be locked up. HALIFAX, Nova Scotia — This morning, my children went to school — school, in an old brick building, where they lined up to go in the scuffed front doors. I went to work out at the gym, the real gym, where I huffed and puffed in a sweaty group class. And a few days ago, my partner and I hosted a dinner party, gathering eight friends around the dining room table for a boisterous night that went too late. Remember those? Some things are true even though President Trump says them. In 2004, I went to Ohio to cover John Kerry’s campaign to unseat George W. Bush. For liberals, the race felt existential. The Bush administration had lied America into war in Iraq, where an entirely predictable insurgency was raging. His military and C.I.A. were torturing people; the Abu Ghraib scandal had broken open in April. ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — I am angry. All the time. I’ve been angry for years. Ever since I began to grasp the staggering extent of violence — emotional, mental and physical — against women in Pakistan. Women here, all 100 million of us, exist in collective fury. It’s going to disappear. One day, like a miracle, it will disappear. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. BOZEMAN, Mont. — During the recent U.S. Senate race in Montana — the most expensive in state history — those scamps at the Lincoln Project spent more than $2.5 million trying to help  Gov. Steve Bullock, a Democrat, usurp the seat of the incumbent Republican, Steve Daines. Did their investment pay off? Definitely — assuming it was a sneaky plot to bankroll trail maintenance at Yellowstone. Covid-19 cases are up around the country, even in places that had low rates over the summer. In response, many states have increased restrictions and emphasized the need to prevent transmission. People are not listening. When the Food and Drug Administration approves a new treatment or vaccine, as doctors we are assured that rigorous studies have proven it to be safe and effective. But the F.D.A.’s haphazard issuance of emergency use authorizations for Covid-19 treatments like hydroxychloroquine and convalescent plasma, whose potential benefits have not yet been backed up by data, has undermined this trust. As ballots were counted on Election Day, many people were quick to observe that Latinos went for President Trump in 2020. So how do I feel two weeks after our election? Awed and terrified. I am in awe at the expression of democracy that took place in America. It was our most impressive election since 1864 and maybe our most important since 1800. And yet, I am still terrified that, but for a few thousand votes in key states, how easily it could have been our last election. As the surge of coronavirus infections in the United States becomes undeniable, many leaders throughout the country are reacting by calling for closures. Bizarrely, they almost always seem to focus on schools first. That’s exactly the opposite of what they should be doing. The American voters chose to give the Democrats the White House, but denied them a mandate. Even if Democrats somehow squeak out wins in both Georgia Senate races, the Senate will then pivot on Joe Manchin of West Virginia. The 2020 election is over. And the big winners were the coronavirus and, quite possibly, catastrophic climate change. This year, several high-profile writers have left left-leaning publications after running afoul of what they describe as a pervasive culture of censoriousness, groupthink and intellectual-risk aversion. This month, Donald Trump once again stunned much of the liberal establishment by dramatically beating polling expectations to come within about 80,000 votes of another Electoral College victory. It was the photo of the mink in Denmark, soon to be slaughtered, that hit me the hardest. In it, the animals peer from their cages with open curiosity, ears pricked forward, clever fingers grasping the wire of the cage doors as they study their surroundings. They are clearly trying to figure out what is happening. Bret Stephens: Gail, you sometimes write columns asking readers to vote for the worst members of the Trump administration. With that in mind, what are your candidates for the worst moments in the Trump presidency? His behavior since Joe Biden became president-elect has got to be in the Top 5. What else? California famously prides itself on environmental leadership — but what about when its lawmakers overlook problems in their own constituents’ backyards? It’s still legal to drill for oil there right next to schools and hospitals — despite well documented health risks to anyone nearby. In the video op-ed above, Josiah Edwards explains what it was like to grow up breathing in the toxic chemicals expelled by drilling. He traces the asthma that plagues his entire family to decades of redlining in Los Angeles County, which consigned Black and brown communities like theirs to live next to active oil wells. Even today, politicians keep rejecting legislation that would help protect Californians from these poisonous emissions. You may not have an oil drill in your backyard now, but if you live in California, there’s nothing stopping one from moving in tomorrow. Donald Trump lost the election. He knows it. But he won’t admit it. President Trump and his allies in the Senate have packed the federal courts with more than 200 conservative judges over the last four years, including three Supreme Court justices. In doing so, Mr. Trump made explicit that he wants “his” judges, and the 6-to-3 conservative majority on the court, to achieve what he could not through Congress, including eliminating health care for millions and undermining what remains of the Voting Rights Act. President-elect Joe Biden has signaled that he will move swiftly to restore dignity to the badly sullied image of the United States; respect for the professionals of America’s diplomatic, intelligence and military services; and a more predictable, nuanced and sympathetic approach to foreign relations. That message of a restoration of norms is likely to resonate in many capitals around the world, as it did with an electorate that gave Mr. Biden a decisive victory over Donald Trump. Will President-elect Joe Biden’s victory force America’s Christian nationalists to rethink the unholy alliance that powered Donald Trump’s four-year tour as one of the nation’s most dangerous presidents? Don’t count on it. The National Mall in Washington is where we inaugurate presidents, march for change and learn about America’s history at monuments and the Smithsonian Institution museums. And yet, even as Latinos have helped shape this great nation, our stories don’t have a permanent home in the capital. Chamath Palihapitiya is one of Silicon Valley’s most successful tech investors. He’s also among the most candid. “I aspire to be a Koch brother before I aspire to be an under secretary,” he tells Kara Swisher on this episode of “Sway.” His definition of power has little to do with politics — it’s profits, he says, that empower you to “control the resources.” Just five short years ago Jared and Ivanka were dinner-party royalty here in Manhattan. It’s that kind of place. They had money, they had youth, they had celebrity. They were thin. I’m told that their manners were impeccable, so you’d never know that his father was an actual felon and her father a de facto one. Besides, you can’t hold family against someone, can you? We don’t choose how we’re born. In the spring, when the coronavirus was spreading across the planet, Americans took steps — slow and uneven as they might have been — to bring the first U.S. outbreaks under control. Houses of worship and nonessential businesses closed. People resigned themselves to wearing masks in public. They worked from home if they could, to reduce the risk to those who could not. When I was a younger man, a quarter-century ago, I clambered into the armored Land Rover provided by this newspaper to cover the Bosnian war. It was, at the best of times, an unbalanced vehicle. At the worst, it would shudder as if possessed. I was headed from Sarajevo back to Paris to see my third child born. There was no other way home. The airport, under fire from Serbian artillery, was closed. WASHINGTON — Many see a wannabe despot barricaded in the bunker, stubby fingers clinging to the levers of power as words that mean nothing to him — democracy, electoral integrity, peaceful transition, constitutionality — swirl above. The ruler broods, alone with his rage and shame, undone by rejection, his mind, like Macbeth’s, “full of scorpions,” plotting to overturn facts and destroy American democracy. His lackeys, and only they remain, try to humor the master in his labyrinth. LONDON — As the polls closed on Election Day in America, my family group chat thrummed with anticipation. Maps were shared. Probabilities mocked. We argued over exit polls, safe seats and swing votes, breaking off occasionally to ask what, precisely, the Electoral College was. Transitions? I’ve seen a few. LOS ANGELES — This summer, I walked into an urgent care clinic for a coronavirus test and walked out with stage four metastatic lung cancer. My story starts in Lowndes County, Ala., a place that’s been called Bloody Lowndes because of its violent, racist history. It’s part of Alabama’s Black Belt, a broad strip of rich, dark soil worked and inhabited largely by poor Black people who, like me, are descendants of slaves. Our ancestors were ripped from their homes and brought here to pick the cotton that thrived in the fertile earth. We are all Georgians now. Or at least that’s how it feels with the eyes of the nation focused on Georgia and its two U.S. Senate runoff elections on Jan. 5, which will determine party control of the Senate. Raphael Warnock, a Democrat, will face off against the Republican Senator Kelly Loeffler, and Jon Ossoff, a Democrat, will attempt to unseat the Republican Senator David Perdue. A presidential transition can be a perilous time in the world. That’s particularly true when the departing president denies that he is departing and fires America’s top defense officials. VIENNA — Donald Trump’s victory in the 2016 presidential election was experienced by many right-wing populists in Europe as a momentous turning point. It was their version of 1989, when the fall of the Berlin Wall made liberalism appear unstoppable and triumphant. Right-wing populists from Hungary to Britain believed that if Mr. Trump could become president of the United States, the future belonged to them. President Trump’s 2020 defeat may trigger the rise of a much darker vision. There has hardly ever been a tougher time to be the chief election administrator of a state. In most states, that role is held by the secretary of state, and running an election is just one of the many responsibilities that commands that person’s time and attention. Yet these public servants have ably run an election amid a pandemic, especially Brad Raffensperger, the secretary of state of Georgia. Most of the election-disaster scenarios that journalists and campaign lawyers prepared for don’t seem to have come to pass. True, President Trump and many Republicans are giving the appearance of contesting the election, perhaps to placate Trump’s ego. But so far nothing has emerged that would lead to the Supreme Court getting involved, state legislatures haven’t tried to appoint their own electors and the popular vote and Electoral College tally aligned. As Americans suffer through immense wildfires, rising coastal flooding and an epic hurricane season, the nation’s corporations want you to believe they are coming to grips with the climate crisis. President Trump has been endlessly mocked for his reality-show stunts and attacked for his willful disregard for the facts (to choose one example of many, the hundreds of times we were “rounding the bend” on the coronavirus). This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. What happened in California? Despite the state’s liberal reputation, voters there last week approved Proposition 22, a ballot initiative exempting many gig companies from state workplace laws and stripping their workers of basic, essential protections. When Joe Biden is sworn in on Inauguration Day, he will be 78, the oldest president to take the oath of office since the birth of our Republic. No shortage of observers on both the left and the right have written about this historic curiosity, as often with frustration (the left) and contempt (the right) as they have with awe. Last year I wrote that the Electoral College, an archaic and outmoded system that runs contrary to our democratic principles and intuitions, was the “greatest threat to our democracy.” I teach philosophy to college students, and there was no way I was going to give them exams this semester, with our classes being held online. Why not? Simple — cheating. It is nothing personal with these particular students, but I have read enough psychological research to know that it would be very hard for them to resist looking for help in places where they are not supposed to, such as their notes, their friends and the internet. Last week, as Americans were obsessing over the results of the presidential election, a New Zealand law aimed at eliminating pay discrimination against women in female-dominated occupations went into effect. The bill, which takes an approach known as “pay equity,” provides a road map for addressing the seemingly intractable gender pay gap. I was on a hike in Garrison, N.Y., when I heard the news of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden’s victory. I felt elated. Then suddenly I felt this heat welling up from my chest into my throat and it burst out of me in tears I could not control. At first I didn’t even know why I was sobbing. It’s hard to tell whether Donald Trump is attempting a coup or throwing a tantrum. It’s easy to imagine ways Joe Biden’s presidency might open very badly. Covid-19 may still be spiking. The economy could slip back into recession. Mitch McConnell might still control the Senate, blocking every major Biden proposal. Donald Trump will be unleashed as National Narrator blasting everything that happens. So the blue wave fell short of expectations. Joe Biden will be the next president, but unless Democrats pull off an upset in the Georgia Senate runoffs — which, to be fair, they might, given the remarkable strength of their organizing efforts there — Mitch McConnell will still be the Senate majority leader. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: I was in the fourth grade, sitting in a doctor’s office, the first time my face flushed with shame. I was, I had just learned, overweight. In the postelection uncertainty, all eyes were on Pennsylvania. And John Fetterman, the state’s Twitter-famous lieutenant governor, held court. He rallied Democrats with one-liners and taunted President Trump with arithmetic lessons on Twitter. Mr. Trump can try to challenge the election result, he said, but “you can’t litigate math.” College sports has a lot of hypocrisy. I believe it’s time for the N.C.A.A. to stop pretending that education is its top priority and pay college athletes. During the months that Joe Biden and President Trump were campaigning against each other, vast sections of the American West caught on fire. More than five million acres burned, and the air in California, Oregon and Washington was sometimes more harmful to breathe than in the pollution-clogged cities of India. Two weeks ago, at the height of the presidential campaign, I attended a political event for my friend Zach Iscol, who is running in New York City’s mayoral election next year. Zach and I go way back. In our early 20s, we both fought in Falluja as Marines, our two platoons having advanced down opposite sides of a heavily defended street. Of the countless challenges President-elect Joe Biden will face when he assumes office, few will be as daunting as reversing President Trump’s legacy of bulldozing multilateral institutions, ripping up past international agreements, shattering norms and undermining longstanding alliances. ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia — The announcement last week that the government was about to launch a military operation into one of the country’s regions came, to put it lightly, as a shock. Joe Biden succeeded in his mission to end Donald Trump’s presidency, and he did so, in part, because of the wise, persistent and strategic way his campaign related to faith. This was not inevitable. On Saturday morning I was sitting in the kitchen with my wife, Ann, who was stirring her Cream of Wheat, when out of nowhere she surprised me with a question: “Is not lying one of the Ten Commandments?” After weeks of brutal and bloody fighting between Armenians and Azerbaijanis in and around the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh, a halt has been called. Facing defeat, the Armenian side has more or less capitulated. Russian peacekeepers are already arriving to enforce a new peace deal. It turns out there was a coordinated attack on the 2020 election after all. It began several years ago and accelerated in the last several months. Now that Election Day has passed, it has launched into overdrive. After the Catholic sex abuse crisis exploded into headlines in 2002, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops promulgated standards that would guide the American church’s efforts to protect children. In May 2002, the editorial board of USA Today met with an American bishop who would play an important role in shaping the new regulations. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. When my oldest son was 3 years old we got him into a preschool class at an elite private school across the street from Prospect Park in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn. President Trump “appears determined to use his final 10 weeks in office to pursue a scorched-earth foreign policy that will only make Mr. Biden’s job harder,” write Robert Malley and Philip Gordon in “Trump Still Has 70 Days to Wreak Havoc Around the World.” Joe Biden will be the next president of the United States, and his predecessor is not handling his election loss well. In what may be the least surprising development of his term in office, President Trump has spent several days now falsely claiming widespread voter fraud and other nefarious behavior. Yes, counting the votes was vital, but now that the results are clear, it is time to move on. Pfizer’s announcement on Monday that its Covid-19 shot appears to keep nine of 10 people from getting the disease sent its stock price rocketing. Many news reports described the vaccine as if it were our deliverance from the pandemic, even though few details were released. For generations, affordable housing has been built in lower-income neighborhoods. Across the United States for more than a half century, that practice deepened residential segregation and income inequality. “I don’t get it,” President Trump is reported to have said in 2017 while standing at Arlington National Cemetery. “What was in it for them?” We’ve been through a lot these last few days, people. Decades from now, some of you are going to have to answer your grandchildren when they ask you about the Time of the Two Presidents. New York residents and officials, it’s time to face some cold, hard facts. The city is on the cusp of its second wave of the coronavirus. As such, restrictions need to be brought back, as economically and socially painful as they might be. As it became clear that she would lose the 2016 election and news organizations called the race for Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton spoke to her supporters. As newspapers and media across the country and around the world reported Joe Biden’s victory and Donald Trump’s defeat in last week’s election, Trump himself — along with his Republican allies in Congress, including the entire Senate majority leadership and the Republican House minority leadership — remained defiant. I came down the stairs, hungover and shattered. I sang a song by The Doors. “This is the end, beautiful friend, the end.” “The People Have Chosen EMPATHY,” read the video screens flanking President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris during their victory speeches in a Delaware parking lot on Saturday night. Today, the newly constituted Supreme Court will hear a challenge to the Affordable Care Act — the seventh in eight years. It is the most challenged statute in modern American history. In addition to the Supreme Court cases, there have been more than 1,700 cases in the lower courts; Republicans in Congress have tried more than 70 times to repeal it; the Trump administration has engaged in an unprecedented array of executive actions to undermine the insurance markets and financially starve the law; red states rebelled against it from the day it was passed; and state initiatives have been enacted by supporters to force states to effectuate it. This has been updated. Faced with a lack of prosecution of those accused of crimes against humanity committed during Argentina’s military dictatorship, family members and descendants of the country’s estimated 30,000 disappeared took action. In the mid-1990s, they began gathering outside of accused perpetrators’ homes and workplaces to publicly shame them and raise awareness about the government’s systematic and brutal targeting of its people — and how it had gone unpunished. The human rights group HIJOS (Sons and Daughters for Identity and Justice Against Forgetfulness and Silence) led and labeled this direct-action style of protest “escrache,” or exposure. President Trump has abused the pardon power like none of his predecessors. But we likely ain’t seen nothing yet. Now that he has lost the election, Mr. Trump will likely pardon himself, friends, family members and Trump business entities and employees for any crime they might have committed before or during his presidency. You no doubt saw or heard at least some of Joe Biden’s pitch-perfect victory speech last weekend, but what about the victory video that his campaign released hours earlier, just after CNN and other networks declared him the president-elect? The announcement that a coronavirus vaccine developed by Pfizer with the German drugmaker BioNTech is more than 90 percent effective at preventing Covid-19 cases — much better than many anticipated — is cause for celebration. With a vaccine of this efficacy, suppression of the disease is entirely realistic. Right now, we all have Georgia on our minds. It’s probably going to end up called for Joe Biden; his lead is razor-thin, but most observers expect it to survive a recount. And the January runoff races in Georgia offer Democrats their last chance to take the Senate. MILAN — Consider two men with the same background: real estate, entertainment, television, conservative politics. Same passions: adulation, flashy mansions, golden furniture, younger women, a perpetual tan, their own hair. Same strengths: cheeky charm, boldness, resilience, the intuition to offer themselves as a provocative alternative to an establishment that treated them as upstarts. Same weakness: acute narcissism. Both seem ready to do everything to stay in the limelight. There will be more than a few conservatives who will spend the next 30 years trying to prove the election was stolen. Others will insist Donald Trump would have won save for a deep state, the liberal media and disloyal Never Trumpers. And many will argue that Trump was a successful conservative president who scored important policy victories and broadened the G.O.P. base, only to run aground on a once-in-a-century pandemic that would have wrecked any presidency. Joe Biden ended up winning the presidency with at least 279 electoral votes, a margin that seems comfortable now that the election is over. But for the public watching the ups and downs of the piecemeal vote count and the drip drip drip of results, the process was torturous — and offered President Trump and his allies the opportunity to conjure conspiracy theories to explain away his defeat. Lots of people on the left and right found reasons to be a little unhappy, or downright miserable, about the election. The Republican Party lost the White House; Democrats have lost ground in the House, and their path to a Senate majority seems very narrow. NASHVILLE — For at least a week before Election Day, I was too anxious to focus. Donald Trump was running a re-election campaign founded in lies, and I had no faith that my fellow Americans would throw him out. The polls were reassuring, but I wasn’t reassured. Polls were reassuring in 2016, too, and this country still ended up in an abusive relationship with the most corrupt and dangerous president of my lifetime. LOS ANGELES — Even as the post-George Floyd national focus on the grand battle against systemic racism and all things Black plateaus, ground battles for equity that have been fought for decades continue. One such fight here in Los Angeles is reaching a critical point. Barack Obama — his policies and his posture — just won a third term. Gail Collins: Bret, when Joe Biden finally got to give his postelection speech on Saturday night, he reached out to Trump voters who were disappointed about the results. Very typical for Biden, and given the fact that his opponent was sulking in silence — except for a few angry tweets — it did set a heck of a new tone. Voting Donald Trump out of office was crucial, but it will not be enough to save the American experiment. SYDNEY, Australia — President Xi Jinping has accumulated legions of powerful critics in China since he took office in early 2013. There are the once-powerful officials who have been felled by his sweeping anti-corruption campaign. There are the economists who resist his statist instincts. There are the academics who have objected to his authoritarian measures, such as his decision to abolish presidential term limits. We finally have a President-Elect. But in the midst of a divisive election, an economy in a tailspin and a global pandemic, we could all still use a little healing. Enter Esther Perel, an author and psychotherapist with the power to help mend relationships. “We have a screaming match,” she says, “but we have a foundation underneath that.” The Black press was at the peak of its influence as the country geared up for World War II — while segregating even the plasma in the wartime blood bank by race. Fire-breathing newspapers like The Baltimore Afro-American, The Chicago Defender and The Pittsburgh Courier were religiously passed from home to home and read aloud in Black barbershops. Even the marginally literate understood that Black men who had volunteered to fight and die for the country were being persecuted on military bases and housed in Jim Crow barracks. Winter is on its way. Here in the New York area, where I live, and throughout the Northeast, we can expect a few perfect days of cold, clear air and snow that sparkles in the sun; but the season’s dominant notes will most likely be rain, overcast skies, bone-chilling winds, an Arctic storm or two and more rain. For all of us who have relied on outdoor socializing to maintain our sanity this year, cherishing our walks in the park and our socially distanced stoop conversations, the change in the weather feels like the final affront. The pandemic grinds on; democracy seems to teeter on a precipice — and now we won’t even be able to get outside, to breathe fresh air and see our friends and neighbors. Or will we? Having peered into the abyss of autocratic nationalism, the American people have chosen to step back from the brink. The ballot counting will continue for a few days yet, but the math is what it is: Joe Biden will have the 270 electoral votes needed to win the White House, and likely many more. President Trump’s four-year assault on our democratic institutions and values will soon end. I came to the United States in 2019 as a scholar-at-risk fellow at Harvard University. After I was kidnapped and tortured in Nigeria for being gay and daring to speak openly about it America offered me refuge. But this spring after videos of the killings of Ahmaud Arbery and George Floyd surfaced, I’m coming to terms with the fact that the country that promised me safety is one where Black men like me face a different kind of danger. The full contours of the postelection landscape are, as yet, unknown, but we’ve learned many important lessons already. Chief among them is that white Republicans will vote party over every other economic and social issue and that this will make it nearly impossible to govern. WASHINGTON — We expected more of Donald Trump. In March, when the first spike of Covid-19 cases in New York was filling hospitals and panicking the city, my immunocompromised mother-in-law and my eight-months pregnant wife both contracted the disease. At first, it was just like a bad cold, but soon my wife was crying in pain every time she coughed and my mother-in-law could barely get out of bed. As my mother-in-law’s oxygen levels ticked down day by day, I would listen to her breathing and wonder whether I should bring her to a hospital. This column has been updated to reflect news developments. “I speak the password primeval . . . . I give the sign of democracy,” wrote Walt Whitman in “Song of Myself.” “By God! I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.” Before Democrats begin their reckoning over their apparent failure to take the Senate and their reduced numbers in the House, before the intraparty recriminations between centrists and progressives, let’s take a moment to appreciate what’s before us. After four grueling years, Donald Trump has been defeated. NEW HAVEN, Conn. — First, you must know about the birds. The birds are important. My partner and I, we feed birds in our neighborhood. I have a special fondness for the birds that the garden stores that sell marble bird baths consider pests — crows, blackbirds, ravens, blue jays, grackles, starlings. For a while, the crows behind my house brought me gifts, but I felt weird about it. I wasn’t interested in the transaction. I wanted them to trust me. I wanted to be loved. One of America’s greatest mistakes over the last century was the war on drugs, so it’s thrilling to see voters in red and blue states alike moving to unwind it. Uber, Lyft and other gig economy companies congratulated themselves this week for winning a costly fight to overturn legislation in California that would have caused them to treat their contract workers as employees with guaranteed wages and benefits like an unemployment lifeline. Way back in the days after the 2012 election, the last Republican presidential defeat, all the conventional wisdom in American politics converged on a simple idea: The G.O.P. was doomed as a national institution unless it became, in effect, a moderate party of the business class, stiff-arming social conservatives and wooing Hispanic voters by promising more liberal immigration laws. NASHVILLE — On Nov. 8, 2016, I was teaching at Fisk, a historically Black university. At the end of class, I told my students to brace for the next day. I’d just spent the last six years living in Mississippi and then in West Virginia, and I was 100 percent certain that Hillary Clinton was going to lose. BLUE HILL, Maine — When you saw an article about Maine in the national press over the last year, it was usually a report that the state’s senior senator, Susan Collins, was toast. Yes, she’d won re-election in 2014 by 37 points, but that was before her vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The “ByeBye, Susan” bumper stickers started appearing not long after. The political reporters all found their way to the same trope: Ms. Collins hadn’t changed, but Maine had. Dave O’Bannon, 62, cast his first presidential ballot, in 1976, for a fellow evangelical — Jimmy Carter. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky recently tweeted what seemed to be a striking finding from a randomized study about the use of masks in the pandemic: Let’s never do that again. Joe Biden appears poised to win the presidency, but his win will not be a landslide. And that’s fine. A win is a win and the margin of that win only sweetens the victory. Democrats can and should celebrate this win if it does, indeed, come to pass. Speaking from the White House briefing room on Thursday night, President Trump tried to delegitimize the 2020 election. This attempt may have been shuddersome, disgraceful and dangerous. But there’s one thing it was not: a surprise. This is the moment in a close election, with close states, we knew would arrive. Even before Tuesday, this was already the most litigated election in history. It was inevitable, then, that tight margins in potentially decisive states would spawn a flurry of postelection lawsuits as well. The closest I ever came to death was when a ferocious undertow grabbed hold of my wife and me, carrying us out into the raging surf off Puerto Escondido, Mexico. We gagged, flailed and turned purple as we wrestled to stay afloat. Saved by a sandbar, I never looked at life the same way again. Yup, I wanted a grand rebuke, too. I wanted Trump demolished by 10 points. But elections are educational events. Voters are not always wise, but they are usually comprehensible. They know more about their own lives than we in our information bubbles do, and they almost always tell us something important. As I write this, it seems extremely likely that Joe Biden has won the presidency. And he clearly received millions more votes than his opponent. He can and should claim that he has been given a strong mandate to govern the nation. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. [Read more on Joe Biden’s president-elect acceptance speech.] The night is darkest before the dawn. MISSOULA, Mont. — This state is now red. Not the light red it used to be; not a red-and-blue checkerboard coaxing the eyes to see purple. Just a deep red. On Wednesday the country woke up to the fact that a sizable portion of Latinos liked President Trump enough to help him clinch a victory in Florida. And a CNN exit poll suggested that Mr. Trump picked up more Latino voters in several other key battleground states compared with his numbers in 2016. OK, perhaps not exactly what you were hoping for. In the end, the biggest interference in America’s elections didn’t come from Russia, or China, or Iran or North Korea. It came from the president of the United States. My people are wringing their hands and tearing their hair out over the early presidential election returns: How could it be so close? Many immigrants came to this land in the hope that they could practice their religion in peace and safety — and still participate fully in civil society. The liberal hope for the 2020 presidential election was a decisive repudiation of Donald Trump and the Republican Party. This is no longer on the table. A Joe Biden win, if it happens, will be as narrow an Electoral College win as Trump’s was in 2016. Biden has won the national popular vote — which matters for popular legitimacy, even if it doesn’t weigh on the outcome — but Trump outperformed his job approval, winning more total votes than any Republican presidential nominee in history. Even before Election Day, Donald Trump cast doubts on Pennsylvania’s mail-in ballots. The Supreme Court’s decision permitting the state to accept absentee ballots for several days after the election, he tweeted, “is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating.” As soon as the election is over, he told reporters on Sunday, “we’re going in with our lawyers.” Republicans are already in court, challenging the count of some mail-in ballots in Pennsylvania. We may not yet know who won the presidential election, but everyone knows that the Supreme Court now has a conservative 6-to-3 majority. And that the Senate’s Republican majority’s hardball tactics, driven by blatant cynicism, achieved that result during an amazingly compressed period of not even six weeks — from Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s death in mid-September until Justice Amy Coney Barrett’s installation a week before Election Day. Jeff VanderMeer has built his career imagining weird futures in best-selling books like “Annihilation” and “Borne.” He says an apocalypse doesn’t have to mean the end of the world, but a reimagining of how we live on it. Count all the votes. Despite high turnout, the 2020 election is already proving to be a mess — buried in litigation, and plagued by disinformation that spreads through toxic partisanship. It is obscene that the presidential race is too close to call at the time this column is published: Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Among the more obnoxious ways the rich and powerful can intimidate and silence critics is filing what is known as a Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation, or SLAPP, whose goal is not to pursue a legitimate grievance but to harass and bankrupt opponents. New York State, long a laggard in putting an end to SLAPPs, finally has a worthy bill waiting only for Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s pen. “I want to speak in public again.” On Wednesday afternoon, with the presidential race unresolved, a protester in Nevada interrupted an election official’s news conference by yelling, “The Biden crime family is stealing the election!” Like all Americans, the people of Puerto Rico went to the polls on Tuesday. But unlike their fellow citizens, Puerto Ricans cannot vote for the president, or for senators or representatives (except for one nonvoting “resident commissioner”). Instead, voters there were asked whether they wanted Puerto Rico to become the 51st state of the union: “yes” or “no.” They chose “yes.” With this historic vote, Puerto Ricans have staked their claim to admission as the 51st state in the Union. We still do not know who is the winner of the presidential election. But we do know who is the loser: the United States of America. An anxious quiet settled on New York City like a blanket of fog. An election is supposed to be a reality check. It promises the finality of decision, in which the back-and-forth of political argument gives way to the undeniability of a particular outcome on a particular day. It’s Election Day 2020, and Silicon Valley cannot save us. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I’m heading to the ballot box with my dear friend and neighbor Ruth Bader Ginsburg by my side. Not literally of course. In fact, I’m reminded daily in ways large and small that Ruth is gone. These poems were composed over the past month from the subject lines of emails from the Trump campaign, mostly sent by “Donald J. Trump” but also from Mike, Don Jr., Eric, Lara, Melania, Newt, Ted Cruz, Official Trump Campaign Store, Trump 2021 Calendar, Official Trump Polling and TRUMP TASK FORCE. Once, when we were 5 years old, my twin brother jumped off a seesaw we were riding at the precise moment that we had been told never to do that. I was in the air, and he was on the ground, and when he made his move I came crashing rapidly and horrifically down. In 2016 Scott Duncombe, a software developer in Portland, Ore., saw on the news that Cleveland residents had to wait hours in long lines to vote. His heart went out to them. In Oregon, there are never any lines because everybody votes by mail. So he called up a pizza place in Cleveland and ordered a bunch of food to raise their spirits. Now that the ballots have been cast and we wait to see whose will be counted and whose will be ignored, can we please take a moment to acknowledge what a huge mess this whole thing has been? When the gods want to punish you, Oscar Wilde wrote, they answer your prayers. How will the winning candidate piece together a victory in 2020? A presidential election naturally concentrates our country’s attention. For a time, everything seems to depend on the answer to one clear and simple question. Last Thursday, a transgender protester wearing the traditional garb of a queen strutted down a red carpet in a street of central Bangkok. Another protester dressed like a court page — with sneakers — followed her, holding a red umbrella aloft in the style of a royal parasol. A crowd sat on the ground, prostrate, eyes cast down, as is required in the presence of royalty. You remember the legal horror show called Bush v. Gore? The Supreme Court couldn’t possibly replicate that. But don’t underestimate the justices’ capacity for self-inflicted wounds. The sequel’s being scripted and it may be worse. Bret Stephens: Hi, Gail. We’ve covered so much ground over all these years of discussing the Trump presidency. Do you think the damage Donald Trump has done to the country is irreparable? Or can we find our way back to something approaching normality? As the most powerful man in the country peddled hydroxychloroquine and disinfectant snake oil as cures for the coronavirus, the comedian Sarah Cooper scoured her kitchen cabinet for props, scouted her lockdown apartment for locations and angled her iPhone. The result: a series of lip-sync videos posted on TikTok and Twitter — and viewed by millions. After Donald Trump was elected, the first time I felt any hope was at the Women’s March. The second was when I went to Georgia to cover the 2017 special election to fill the House seat vacated by Tom Price, who’d just become Trump’s secretary of health and human services. If Donald Trump loses his re-election bid, there will be a lot of ruin to sort through. But his most damaging and enduring legacy may well turn out to be the promiscuous use of conspiracy theories that have defined both the man and his presidency. I had a hard time believing Emile Bruneau was for real. NASHVILLE — My favorite coffee mug is emblazoned with words of advice: “Lead like Jed. Advise like Leo. Think like Josh. Speak like C.J. Argue like Toby. Write like Sam.” What the mug doesn’t say but implies by its very existence: “Believe in America like a fan of ‘The West Wing.’” Turnout this election is projected to be the highest in a century, and voters are doing everything they can to make their voices count. Waiting in line for hours (even if you’re the mayor). Voting in person despite the pandemic because you fear that your mail-in ballot could be one of the 1.02 million that might be discarded. And casting a ballot despite the potential that someone with a semiautomatic rifle will be watching you at your polling place. Four years ago, when Donald Trump first ran for president, he urged Black people to support him, asking us, “What have you got to lose?” The half-century-old Democratic dream of turning Texas blue has always depended upon Latinos. This year, hundreds of thousands of Latinos in Texas will vote for the first time, and more Texans have cast votes early than the total number who voted in 2016, giving Democrats hope that the dream is within grasp — even if they don’t win this year. Nov. 13, 1950. An Italian ocean liner makes its way into New York Harbor after a 13-day voyage from Genoa. Passengers, many of them in tears, pack the deck as the ship glides past the Statue of Liberty. After the devastation of the war, they’ve made it to America — to a country that, for the immigrants aboard, represents safety, freedom, abundance and hope in an otherwise broken world. I began writing a column for The Times way back in 2000. My beat was supposed to be economics and business. But I couldn’t help noticing that one of that year’s contenders for the presidency was systematically making false claims about his policy proposals. George W. Bush kept insisting that his one-percent-friendly tax cuts were targeted on the middle class, and his plan to privatize Social Security just wished away the system’s obligations to older Americans. KNOXVILLE, Iowa — On the eve of Election Day, Iowa is in play. Donald Trump galloped to a nine-point victory over Hillary Clinton in 2016, but now he’s running neck and neck with Joe Biden, who made a visit to the state last week. In her essay, “Don’t Give Up on America,” Marilynne Robinson describes the “deep if sometimes difficult affinity” she has for her country. At the end of a long, contentious election season, it’s not surprising that Ms. Robinson has become disillusioned with that love affair. “Resentment displaces hope and purpose the way carbon monoxide displaces air,” she writes. For just over two years, I was a daily book critic for this newspaper, and one of my final reviews was of Hillary Clinton’s “What Happened,” published in September 2017. Americans have heard a lot about threats to the 2020 election. But one of the greatest threats may be a loss of faith in our electoral system itself. Right now you probably feel like a spring that’s been tightly compressed under enormous weight. From the outside, it appears still. Inside it is coursing with intense potential (anxious!) energy just dying for release. As Americans go to the polls on Tuesday, the last day of voting in the 2020 election, the health of American democracy hangs in the balance. But in this hour of crisis, the strength of democracy also is on display. As Martin Luther King Jr. said in his final speech, “Only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.” As this Tuesday’s consequential election nears, my fellow democracy experts and I have often been asked: What is the right historical analogy to America’s current crisis? The truth is, there is no precedent. We have never seen such a longstanding democracy in such a rich country break down before — never. But it could happen this year. The weeks following the election could very well be the most dangerous weeks in this country since the Civil War. With a president refusing to commit to a peaceful transition of power, a number of commentators have been sounding the alarm about a “rickety” U.S. electoral system seen as uniquely vulnerable to a postelection crisis. Legal scholars and a group called the Transition Integrity Project have been examining the ways in which the machinery could fail, and the nightmare scenarios gamed out are hair-raising. But while looking at points of possible legal failure is a useful exercise, it neglects an important question: Who has the power to concede? As of Sunday afternoon, more than 93 million Americans had cast a ballot in the November elections. That’s about two-thirds of the total number of people who voted in 2016, and there are still two days until Election Day. With the 2020 presidential election now upon us, Americans are still mired in uncertainty. But at least one thing has already been made clear: The women’s vote will be critical to the outcome. This article has been updated to reflect news events. Saguaro cactuses, some nearly a century old, in shards on the desert floor. Jaguars, lost, because a metal wall has blocked their migratory path. Endangered species homeless because their critical habitats have been destroyed. We’ve been talking about “the American dream” since James Truslow Adams coined the phrase in his 1931 book, “The Epic of America.” But what’s a dream anyway? A brimming over of the day’s repressed desires? Just a flutter of the neurons? If the American dream was ever real, it isn’t now. Like many kids who grew up as evangelicals, I was taught that abortion was the only issue when it comes to politics. When I turned 18, in the 1990s, my father took me to the Allen County Republican headquarters in my Indiana town, where I registered as a card-carrying conservative. Then we went to Fort Wayne’s Famous Coney Island for celebratory chili dogs. In 2017, after the Portland, Ore., police fatally shot her 17-year-old grandson, Donna Hayes got invited to City Hall to meet Mayor Ted Wheeler, who expressed his deepest sympathies. He had been in office for only seven weeks. It’s happening again — the belief that this is the year Texas will turn blue. MARSEILLE, France — Once again, terrorism strikes France — and once again, terrorism is exposing the country’s dangerous contradictions. The Trump administration has a dirty little secret: It’s not just planning to increase taxes on most Americans. The increase has already been signed, sealed and delivered, buried in the pages of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In a rare bit of bipartisanship, Democratic and Republican lawmakers now agree that Big Tech has gotten too big, too powerful, too quickly. Facebook is not the entire internet. But it does reflect and account for some of the greater web’s chaos. With just days to go, hyperpartisan pages on the platform are churning out propaganda to millions of followers. Many Americans will have heard stories about people fearful of the pandemic fleeing from crowded cities and driving up home prices in the rest of the country. But there is a much bigger tale to tell here. For many millions of Americans, the presidency of Donald Trump has been a kind of transgression, an endless assault on dignity, decency and decorum. They experience everything — the casual insults, the vulgar tweets, the open racism, the lying, the tacit support for dangerous extremists and admiration of foreign strongmen — as an attack on the fabric of American society itself. And they see the worst of this administration, like separating children from their families at the border, as an unparalleled offense against the values of American democracy. Donald Trump lies a lot. In fact, he lies so often that several media organizations try to keep a running tally, and even try to draw political inferences from fluctuations in the number of lies he tells in a given month (although the trend has been relentlessly upward). MIAMI — Latinos know that Democrats are great at making promises. Now Democrats have to prove that they’re also great at keeping them. By now, the world knows that Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India and his Hindu supremacist Bharatiya Janata Party (B.J.P.) have eroded the liberal principles of the Indian Constitution and are turning the country into an increasingly illiberal democracy. It is common knowledge that Mr. Modi thrives on the grievances and bigotries that pit privileged majorities against minorities living in fear. For weeks now, there has been a steady drumbeat of warnings — from former government officials, academics, legal experts and journalists — about the chaos and hijacking of democracy that could occur in the election’s aftermath. It turns out those alarm bells are being rung inside the Trump administration as well. Back in the early 2000s, an academic named Robert Sampson did one of the better-known studies in urban sociology of the past 20 years, discreetly dropping thousands of stamped and addressed letters all over the streets of Chicago. What he was looking for, essentially, was to see which neighborhoods would be most diligent about dropping those letters in mailboxes rather than allowing them to collect footprints on the sidewalk and turn to pulp. RIFLE, Colo. — At the Shooters Grill, whose waitresses pack heat, I found Gary Nichols enjoying a burger. A man with bright blue eyes and a shock of gray hair, he got right to the point. WASHINGTON — When I was growing up, my brother Michael took me to see old movies at the American Film Institute. If Amy Coney Barrett’s confirmation to the Supreme Court turns out to be the last major act of a one-term Trump presidency, it will be a fitting finale. Republicans, like the Federalist Party of yore, will consolidate power in the judiciary. Apart from that, they will have spent the past four years squandering their reputation, forsaking their principles, and trashing the kind of political culture they once claimed to hold dear. Political satire seems virtually impossible these days. How do you make fun of leaders and institutions when some of them are so bonkers that it feels like Borat is going to pop out at any minute and tell us we’re on camera? But satire is still healthy, if you’re willing to look in the right place: horror stories. Many of our best presidents have been underestimated. Truman was seen as the tool of a corrupt political machine. Eisenhower was supposedly a bumbling middlebrow. Grant was thought a taciturn simpleton. Even F.D.R. was once considered a lightweight feather duster. During the end of Barack Obama’s presidency and the beginning of Donald Trump’s, Frances Brown served as the director for democracy on the staff of the National Security Council. It was her job to help coordinate administration efforts to support democracy, encourage free and fair elections, and oppose authoritarianism abroad. Many of my oldest friends are voting for President Trump on Tuesday. Long before Covid-19, Alexis de Tocqueville described a presidential election as a form of sickness in which the body politic became dangerously “feverish” before returning to normal. Emotions ran too hot, and the fragile forms of consensus that were essential for democracy — what Tocqueville called our “habits of the heart” — evaporated, as party hacks exhausted themselves in vitriolic attacks on one another and the system. ANN ARBOR, Mich. — As hospitals in much of the country face a surge in patients with Covid-19 and the threat of influenza this fall and winter, we must be on guard against attempts to restrict patient admissions or limit intensive-care capacity. The incentives will certainly be there for hospitals to do so. In the original Greek the term “apocalypse” refers to an unveiling, the gray rain clouds of the everyday world torn away and something long hidden finally revealed. The political apocalypse of 2016, when Donald Trump improbably vanquished the establishment of both parties, fits this ancient definition perfectly: It was a moment when all kinds of uncomfortable truths about American life were suddenly exposed, when the hidden realities of our country and our coalitions were suddenly dragged up into the light, when the failures in both parties and every faction were laid bare. In some ways, the coronavirus is still a mystery. Scientists can’t say for certain why it’s deadly or debilitating in some people but has virtually no effect in others. They don’t know exactly how long immunity lasts or whether (or when) a vaccine will stop its spread and bring this wretched chapter to a close. What did we talk about before Donald Trump? What will we talk about after Donald Trump? Will there even be an after? And was there ever really a before? Even with everything we know about President Trump’s deep and abiding disrespect for women, it was disconcerting to see him treat a U.S. senator — from his own party, no less — like a dog. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. There is no escaping it: America is on the ballot on Tuesday — the stability and quality of our governing institutions, our alliances, how we treat one another, our basic commitment to scientific principles and the minimum decency that we expect from our leaders. The whole ball of wax is on the ballot. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: One of my clearest memories of election night in 2016 is running into women who were going to watch the results with their daughters, so they’d get to share the experience of seeing Hillary Clinton elected president — the moment when the political glass ceiling in America would be shattered forever. There will of course be an Election Day — and it could be one of tumult, banners colliding, incidents at the polls and attempted hacks galore. More likely than not, it will end without a winner named or at least generally accepted. Remarkably, in these fractious times, President Trump has managed to forge a singular area of consensus among liberals and conservatives, Republicans and Democrats: Nearly everyone seems to agree that he represents a throwback to a vintage version of manhood. In 2018, California lawmakers passed a data privacy bill that gave consumers back some control over the reams of personal information they share with tech firms. The legislation became a model for the rest of the country. Most Americans accept the common-sense case for progressive taxation: Those who have more ought to contribute more to the society that is the foundation of their prosperity. We are now entering the homestretch. Voters will finally have a say in whether Donald Trump’s reign of terror and idiocy continues or ends. Tuesday’s election will be seen globally as a referendum on the durability of democracy. If American democracy, long a beacon, cannot self-correct, then all democracies are at risk. European nations have watched with alarm as President Trump has set about undermining American democracy while attacking the very foundations — the European Union and NATO — that allowed war-torn Europe to become whole, democratic and free. Millions of American Christians are likely to vote for President Trump on Tuesday because they believe it a religious obligation to support a president who will appoint “pro-life” judges. It’s always assumed that those of us who felt certain of Hillary Clinton’s victory in 2016 were putting too much trust in polls. It’s very hard to catalog all the things we’ve lost under the presidency of Donald Trump. Put yourself in the shoes of Russian or Iranian leadership for a moment. Why not interfere with the voting in the U.S. presidential election? What could be more advantageous than catalyzing a bitter and protracted battle over the results of the election, with a chance of igniting civil unrest throughout the country? Sure, it might not work — but with little to lose and so much to gain, why not try? There are, I suppose, some people who still imagine that if and when Donald Trump leaves office we’ll see a rebirth of civility and cooperation in U.S. politics. They are, of course, hopelessly naïve. America in the 2020s will remain a deeply polarized nation, rife with crazy conspiracy theories and, quite possibly, plagued by right-wing terrorism. It finally looks as if Big Tech may face some breakups. Lawmakers are interrogating tech C.E.O.s on Capitol Hill while the Justice Department pursues a landmark antitrust case against Google. For decades, tech giants have avoided such scrutiny — hiding behind the idea that their products are free, beneficial, even beloved. MIAMI — This year I’ll be voting for the first time in a U.S. presidential election. Registering to vote online, the option to mail-in my ballot or vote early — it’s all new to me. TEL AVIV — In early October, Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York ordered schools to close in some areas with large populations of ultra-Orthodox Jews because of coronavirus outbreaks. Some of the schools refused, and the governor threatened as a consequence to withhold state funding. How could we have been so blind? How could we have been so naïve? How did we not believe that the worst was possible until we plummeted into it? If you’re a supporter of that radical extremist group Keep America Habitable for Human Beings, you might have been encouraged by the 2020 presidential race. Last week, the Supreme Court acquiesced to another attack on the voting rights of all Americans. In a 5-3 decision, the court blocked a trial judge’s ruling permitting Alabama counties to offer curbside voting as a reasonable accommodation to disabled voters. The morning after President Trump announced his coronavirus diagnosis, a relative who supports him texted me. “OMG Trump,” she wrote. “It’s the end.” “You’re out of your mind if you think I’m ever going back to school.” On election night and the days that follow, the country may be in for a roller-coaster ride, with ups and downs that raise and dash expectations, provoking anger and frustration. Black and Latino people have been hit hardest by America’s recent one-two punch of public health and economic crises. They’ve been hospitalized for Covid-19 at quadruple the rate of white Americans. Their businesses have struggled to get the support they requested from the government’s Paycheck Protection Program. As of August, the unemployment rate for African-Americans was nearly double that of white Americans. Just as they did in the infamous Bush v. Gore litigation in 2000, Republican lawyers are trying to get the Supreme Court to undermine state court rulings protecting voting rights under state law. Their theory? That state courts, by relying in part on state constitutions, are wrongly exercising power that belongs to state legislatures. The presidential debate on Thursday between Donald Trump and Joe Biden featured a glaring absence: Neither candidate mentioned Mosul. In their final showdown four years ago, Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton name-checked that Iraqi city — from which the United States had recently helped expel the Islamic State — a whopping 23 times. Until four years ago, there was what you might call a Floor of Decency. This was the basic minimum standard of behavior to be an accepted member of society. Even when people did bad things, they at least tried to pretend that they were good, that they operated according to the basic values of society. You may or may not like the people in, say, the Obama or Bush administrations, you may think they made grave mistakes, but you have to admit they generally strove to meet this basic minimum. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Even now, four years later, it feels like a joke. The joke we played on ourselves. We’ve all heard how U.S. leadership failed its citizens with its pandemic response. We had the playbooks, we had the money, we had the experts. We just … didn’t use them. This is my last regular column before Election Day, so what is there left to say? Instead of giving you an answer, let me leave you with a question, which I think is the question. What would you do if your kid came home from school and said: As this ulcer-inducing election enters the homestretch, early turnout numbers are breaking records. Tens of millions of Americans have already mailed in or dropped off their ballots or stood in lines to vote early. I didn’t expect to fall in love during a global pandemic. BENSALEM, Pa. — Two men, one in a Ford F-150 truck bedecked with Trump decals and the other in a Chevrolet Malibu, were stopped at a traffic light, arguing about politics. The light turned green, the truck pulled into a parking lot and the Chevy followed. The man in the truck jumped out, brandishing a trailer hitch head like a war hammer. If you were to think up a nightmare for the socialist left, it would be hard to think of someone more horrifying than President Trump: an authoritarian billionaire who uses the White House to enrich himself and his inner circle while deploying racism to cleave the working class and shunning international cooperation. BOSTON — It has been months now, but the brown paper bags are still here — piled on the shelves in the hospital conference room where the residents cautiously lower their masks to eat lunch, stored in corners throughout the unit, each bearing the name of its owner written across it in Sharpie. On Oct. 27, 2018, a man armed with a semiautomatic rifle and three pistols entered Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life synagogue and murdered 11 congregants. In addition to raging anti-Semitism, the killer had a more immediate motive: fury that the synagogue had participated in the National Refugee Shabbat, sponsored by the humanitarian group HIAS, formerly known as the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society. On Oct. 18, Bolivians elected Luis Arce, the presidential candidate of the former President Evo Morales’s Movement Toward Socialism party and his chosen successor. Some saw the victory as a call for Mr. Morales to return to the government. But perhaps the electoral landslide may be better understood as an example of how to move forward in the wake of a tumultuous year for the world. It’s also a lesson on how similar movements weighed down by the baggage of past leaders can keep political relevance — without their looming influence. The 2020 presidential contest has been surrounded by dramatic events, by plague, protest and economic collapse, but as a campaign it’s been remarkably devoid of twists and turns. The polling has been mostly stable, the challenger has run the virtual equivalent of a front-porch campaign and mostly suppressed his own pugilistic instincts, and the incumbent has been unsurprisingly himself. As we head into the final stretch of the election, Covid-19 is on a roll. When and how did your “American dream” die? This is the question the artist Lizania Cruz puts to readers of her project “Obituaries of the American Dream,” commissioned by El Museo del Barrio in New York to feature in its first national survey of contemporary work by Latinx artists. The project defines the “American dream” as “the ideal that all individuals can achieve upward mobility based on their hard work” and invites the public to share their experiences, which she posts daily on the project’s website. What happened in the Senate chamber on Monday evening was, on its face, the playing out of a normal, well-established process of the American constitutional order: the confirmation of a president’s nominee to the Supreme Court. After a summer of protests over the killing of George Floyd broadened into a wider reckoning on racial injustice, corporate America and the political establishment unleashed a flurry of promises to combat systemic racism. Diversity initiatives have been launched; high-profile companies in several sectors have settled on the advancement of a few people of color in their hierarchies. Even as the United States and China confront deep disagreements, there is a global challenge that simply won’t wait for the resolution of our differences: climate change. A global cabal of celebrity pedophiles? Trafficked children being sold online through a furniture website? And Donald Trump about to rescue us from it all? Gail Collins: Well Bret, the election’s next week. OK, you probably knew that. But let’s take a look back. Which part are you going to miss most? The debates? The polls? The chance to hear Donald Trump announce that he’s done more for Black Americans than any other president, with the “possible exception” of Abraham Lincoln? NASHVILLE — I got sick in February on a trip to New York. Every time I stepped into an elevator, someone was coughing. On my last day in town, I found myself out of breath walking up a small hill, though I walk on hilly trails nearly every day. At home that night, I went straight to bed. I thought I was just tired. This election will test the country’s core. “We are advantaged — unfortunately — by four years of a record from Trump,” Hillary Clinton says as she predicts big wins for Democrats in 2020. The former candidate has been a lightning rod for the right, and has been called a lizard, a murderer and a human trafficker. Increasingly, friends, colleagues and readers share the same story with me: Online, somebody they know and love has stumbled into the treacherous world of online conspiracy theories and, in some cases, might not even know it. I’m often asked: How do you talk to people you care about who might be on the precipice of or headed down the conspiratorial rabbit hole? We are lawyers who clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy, a lifelong conservative appointed to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan. We urge the Senate not to confirm Judge Amy Coney Barrett or any nominee until after the presidential election. Rushing through a confirmation with an election underway threatens the very legitimacy of the court. SÃO PAULO, Brazil — The Swedes gave the world the concept of “smorgasbord,” a celebratory buffet meal featuring a variety of hot and cold dishes. But it was the Brazilians who elevated this gastronomic mishmash to a new level. By adding a singular touch of inventiveness, recurrence and chaos, they gave the world something special: the “quilo” restaurant. These past four years, I’ve been on a photographic road trip of the United States. It often seems that there are two Americas, left and right, looking at the same place from radically different and irreconcilable perspectives. Last Sunday this section was turned over to essays making the case against the re-election of Donald Trump. I read all of the pieces, and found more than a few points with which I disagreed. But my commitment to contrarianism only goes so far: Fundamentally I agree with my colleagues that Trump should not be … Around supper time on Election Day, 1880, the poll workers in Bolivar County, Miss., were getting hungry. Someone ran out for sardines and crackers. The officials noshed and counted votes until the “violent laxative” that had been added to the Republicans’ sardines started to take effect. Then they ran for the outhouses while the remaining Democrats counted a suspiciously large majority. With Florida again looking pivotal in the presidential race, Donald Trump and Joe Biden have found themselves revisiting a decades-old question that could decide a crucial share of votes: What to do about Cuba? CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — I forced the last mini cucumber in a jar and poured brine over it: My mother’s recipe calls for half a cup of coarse sea salt and half a cup of vinegar for every 12 cups of water, boiled and then cooled to room temperature. I have always relied on my cups and spoons to measure my ingredients. This time, though, I used the old floating raw egg trick to test the saltiness of the water, which I saw my grandmother use as a child. Among the words or phrases that were never spoken in the two presidential debates were: From day one, a hallmark of the Trump administration has been its relentless assault on immigration, legal and illegal alike. President Trump’s obsession with building a wall on the southern border symbolizes that obsession and all its cruelty and uselessness. Far more insidious, though, is the invisible wall of restrictive policies, procedural changes or extreme vetting directives, lacking any justification beyond a vague and unsubstantiated reference to national security. It’s not often that I get gay married. The week I did it a second time was the same week we heard about the anti-gay proclivities of the Supreme Court nominee, Amy Coney Barrett, and some current justices called into question the very ruling that allowed me to get married in the first place. Of all the things President Trump has destroyed, the Republican Party is among the most dismaying. WASHINGTON — During the Barack Obama comet streak in 2008, a lot of Americans were electrified by the idea of leaping into modernity with a brainy, young, Black cool cat. A long time ago, I read of a torture technique that a journalist heard was used by Hamas on residents of Gaza suspected of being informants: The person is shown a wall onto which a staircase is drawn, and at the top is a drawing of a bicycle. The person is told to go up and get the bicycle. But it’s only a drawing, he says. He is told that if he doesn’t bring the bicycle down the stairs, he will be beaten. And when, again, he appeals to his torturer’s reason, to the reality in which both the staircase and the bicycle are drawings, he is hit. At this moment he understands that he has been left alone in a reality he believed was shared. He has been abandoned there, while the others have departed to a new reality in which a person can be tortured for being unable to do what is asked because it is physically impossible. In that same article, there was, as I recall, a photograph of the concrete blocks of the Israel/Palestine wall, on which someone had scrawled “CTL+ALT+DLT.” By most measures, President Trump’s poll ratings have long been loitering below the waterline, even more so since the pandemic swept through the United States, killing more than 220,000 and devastating the nation’s economy. LAWRENCEBURG, Ind. — For 20 years, off and on, I’ve lived in this small, blue-collar town about 30 minutes west of Cincinnati. My grandparents, immigrants from Germany, bought my old farmhouse, on 15 acres, during World War II. I’ve always felt that this town embodies much of what I love about the Midwest: friendliness, a lack of pretension and a prevailing sense of decency among neighbors. The microphones have been turned off (on the debate stage, at least). Our writers are rating the performances, and we’d like you to weigh in as well. Was this debate more informative than the first? With 12 days left until the election, were you surprised or swayed by either Donald Trump or Joe Biden? Please answer the questions below and we’ll publish a selection of your responses on Friday. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: LAGOS, Nigeria — The High Court of Justice is on fire. Behind my home, it has been ablaze since noon. But in reality, the justice system the court claims to represent has been burning for nearly 60 years. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the second presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers pick the winner and then rank the victory on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means a very narrow win; 10 means a blowout. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the debate. The Instagram post looked strange to Amulya Panakam, a 16-year-old high school student who lives near Atlanta. In February, a friend showed her a sensational headline on her phone that declared, “Kim Jong Un is personally killing soldiers who have Covid-19!” Of course, the news wasn’t real. “I was immediately suspicious,” Ms. Panakam said. She searched online and found no media outlets reporting the fake story. But her friends had already shared it on social media. Everybody talks about Joe Biden as the old jalopy in this presidential race, but on Thursday night in Nashville, it was Donald Trump who seemed to be running on fumes. The term “gender gap” has a clinical sound to it, like it’s an intrinsic condition of our politics. But it did not always exist, and with each recent election cycle, it has become more extreme. Did Thursday’s debate — the final for this election — change anyone’s mind about who should lead the country? Opinion’s political writers have shared their thoughts and we’ve asked readers to do the same. On the whole, they found the evening’s proceedings far more palatable than the first matchup between President Trump and Joe Biden: It started with my spice cabinet. I’d been in a quarantine cooking rut, and while searching online for different things to do with the various jars and tins at my disposal, I found myself on the Wikipedia page for Sichuan pepper. Not a shocker. Wikipedia is frequently the first or second result of a Google search. Plenty has been written about the rise of anti-intellectualism, but the worldwide popularity of Wikipedia reveals that most of us still itch to know things. The Trump administration has declined to release critical data to outside public health experts that would enable them to devise strategies against the virus that has killed 223,000 Americans and counting. It is not actually clear that new states are on the agenda should Democrats win in November. House Democrats have passed a bill to admit the District of Columbia as a state, and Representatives Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Nydia Velázquez of New York have introduced a bill to let Puerto Ricans hold a binding referendum on their future, but Senate Democrats are still somewhat silent on the issue. The Trump presidency has brought American democracy to the breaking point. The president has encouraged violent extremists; deployed law enforcement and other public institutions as weapons against rivals; and undermined the integrity of elections through false claims of fraud, attacks on mail-in voting and an apparent unwillingness to accept defeat. This fall, as college students filter hesitantly into socially distanced classrooms or adjust their Zoom backgrounds for seminars they attend from their bedrooms, the usual debates about the aims of higher education have taken a back seat to more pressing concerns. Many colleges and universities are now fighting for survival. The true significance of the federal antitrust lawsuit filed against Google on Tuesday cannot be captured by any narrow debate about legal doctrine or what the case will mean for the company. This is a big case, filed during an important time, and it merits a commensurately broad understanding. The complaint marks the return of the U.S. government to a role that many of us long feared it had abandoned: disciplining the country’s largest and most powerful monopolies. A long time ago, in an America far, far away — actually just last spring — many conservatives dismissed Covid-19 as a New York problem. It’s true that in the first few months of the pandemic, the New York area, the port of entry for many infected visitors from Europe, was hit very hard. But the focus on New York also played into right-wing “American carnage” narratives about the evils of densely populated, diverse cities. Rural white states imagined themselves immune. One of the most lethal leadership failures in modern times unfolded in South Africa in the early 2000s as AIDS spread there under President Thabo Mbeki. Over the last 100 years, Americans have engaged in a long debate about the role of markets and the welfare state. Republicans favored a limited government, fearing that a large nanny state would sap American dynamism and erode personal freedom. Democrats favored a larger state, arguing that giving people basic economic security would enable them to take more risks and lead dignified lives. We saw the future of the Supreme Court this week, and its name is Amy Coney Barrett. The court’s 4-4 deadlock Monday on whether Pennsylvania must count some late-arriving ballots said it all. CRISPR-Cas9 is the kind of scientific breakthrough that could change human evolution. Scientists call it “genetic scissors” — a tool that snips DNA with powerful and scary precision. As Dr. Jennifer Doudna, the co-developer of the gene-editing technology, explains, scientists can now edit the genomes of living organisms “like you might edit a Word document.” This country is having to conduct an election in the midst of a pandemic that has claimed over 220,000 American lives. Fortunately for both our health and our democracy, voters have options to cast their ballot without putting their health at risk. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. You’ve probably heard that Thursday’s final (ultimate!) (climactic!) presidential debate is going to feature a mute button. The idea is that Donald Trump and Joe Biden will each get to speak for two minutes on a topic before the other guy can interrupt. In the short term, should Joe Biden win the election and move into the White House, he would take office with a Democratic Party unified in its opposition to all things Trump. The question is how long would that last before leaders of every liberal interest group circling the new administration begin to get restless. LAGOS, Nigeria — For years, the name SARS hung in the air here in Nigeria like a putrid fog. SARS, which stood for Special Anti-Robbery Squad, was supposed to be the elite Nigerian police unit dedicated to fighting crime, but it was really a moneymaking terror squad with no accountability. SARS was random, vicious, vilely extortionist. SARS officers would raid bars or stop buses on the road and arbitrarily arrest young men for such crimes as wearing their hair in dreadlocks, having tattoos, holding a nice phone or a laptop, driving a nice car. Then they would demand large amounts of money as “bail.” A granddaughter of the Rev. Billy Graham, Jerushah Duford, is a committed evangelical Christian who describes herself as “pro-life.” The Justice Department took a big swing at Google this week, alleging in a lawsuit that it violated antitrust law by stifling competition, particularly with its search engine and lucrative advertising business. Lately, I have been putting an embarrassing amount of thought into notions like jinxes and knocking on wood. The polls for Joe Biden look good, but in 2020, any hint of optimism feels dangerously naïve, and my brain has been working overtime in search of potential doom. At the beginning, back in March, the surrealness of daily life was enough to distract from the loneliness. Working from home involuntarily, seeing my newsroom colleagues’ and neighbors’ faces pop up on Zoom — a medium once reserved for long-distance or international communication — felt, above all else, eerie and bizarre. “Just wild,” we all said to one another, with a mix of awe and anxiety. If we really want to stem the spread of the coronavirus as winter looms and we wait for a vaccine, here’s an idea: The government should pay bars, many restaurants and event venues to close for some months. In 1987, Robert Bork was denied confirmation to the Supreme Court because his originalist beliefs were deemed a serious threat to constitutional rights. Originalism is no less dangerous for those rights today, yet Judge Amy Coney Barrett’s repeated statements professing her belief in originalism have been met with little objection. Few places in America have been hit harder by the coronavirus and its economic fallout than New York and New Jersey. The region is in need of strong representation in Washington. Though many eyes are on the Senate, several competitive House races here could also help reshape Congress. Terence Netter and Therese Franzese fell in love in New York City in the 1960s. She was an assistant to Rudolf Bing, general manager of the Metropolitan Opera. He was an accomplished painter and Jesuit priest. They sought to marry and dreamed the Catholic Church would embrace a married priesthood. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Donald Trump can still win the 2020 presidential election; something that has a 10 percent or 15 percent chance of happening can certainly transpire. But even more than in 2016, if the president wins this time, we will have to attribute his victory to the workings of divine providence (don’t worry, I have that column pre-written), because what we’re watching is an incumbent doing everything in his power to run up his own margin of defeat. The common view of American politics today is of a clamorous divide between Democrats and Republicans, an unyielding, inevitable clash of harsh partisan polarization. Jenée Desmond-Harris, a staff editor in Opinion, wrote about this essay in today’s Opinion Today newsletter. You can read it here. PHILADELPHIA — On Tuesday afternoon, it was Karla texting my husband. On Saturday, it was Carin and Britney. Mara got in touch the next day. Susan and Debra reached out last week. It might seem a Silicon Valley cliché, but it was a garage — a pretty dumpy one for those who got to visit it just over two decades ago — that served as the birthplace of what the U.S. government today is calling a crippler of competition, a reducer of consumer choice and a stifler of innovation. This article was originally published in our Opinion Today newsletter. You can sign up here.   It’s quite an accomplishment, but in only five months, the director of national intelligence, John Ratcliffe, has already put himself in the running to be considered among the most destructive intelligence officials in U.S. history. In five previous interviews in this series we’ve explored the Buddhist, Jain, Taoist, Jewish and Christian views on death and the afterlife. But what about those without any religious faith or belief in God? Why not, some readers have asked, interview an atheist? So we did. The good Lord works in mysterious ways. He (She?) threw a pandemic at us at the exact same time as a tectonic shift in the way we will learn, work and employ. Fasten your seatbelt. When we emerge from this corona crisis, we’re going to be greeted with one of the most profound eras of Schumpeterian creative destruction ever — which this pandemic is both accelerating and disguising. Joe Biden got it exactly right in expressing an ambivalent openness to pushing for legislation — entirely constitutional — enlarging the number of Supreme Court justices, if Democrats win the presidency and the Senate in November. No matter their politics, people nearly always listen to those who say what they want to hear. On Oct. 25, Chileans will vote to reject or approve the start of creating a new constitution. The citizens of more countries should do the same. The country’s current Constitution, written under the authoritarian rule of the dictator Augusto Pinochet, has protected conservative interests and the military and has suppressed political dissent for 40 years. Before I became the center of a QAnon conspiracy theory, I followed the news about this internet cult with alarm, but also from afar. I saw it as a scary thing happening to people I didn’t know. Then QAnon followers sent me over a thousand death threats. Bret Stephens: Good morning, Gail. I was reading on social media that Osama bin Laden is alive and well and that he’s living inside Donald Trump’s brain. Care to comment? In January, in what now seems like a bygone age, the writer George Packer delivered a memorable speech, “The Enemies of Writing,” for the honor of winning the Hitchens Prize. “Why is a career like that of Christopher Hitchens not only unlikely but almost unimaginable?” Packer asked. “Put another way: Why is the current atmosphere inhospitable to it? What are the enemies of writing today?” After two decades on death row, Ruben Gutierrez’s time nearly came this summer. A little over an hour before he was due to be killed in the execution chamber housed in Texas’ Huntsville Unit, a reprieve arrived from an unlikely source: Justice Samuel Alito. Among many other recent developments not likely on anyone’s 2020 bingo card, a Supreme Court decision about foreign aid and legalized prostitution has shattered perceived constraints on the authority of the United States to robustly defend its elections against foreign interference. NASHVILLE — I was writing a love letter to autumn and its perfect miracle of timing — the way berries ripen just as songbirds migrate through berry-filled forests — when the songbirds suddenly began to die. With no warning at all, thousands and thousands of birds, possibly millions of birds, were simply falling out of the sky. What should Joe Biden’s economic policy be if he wins (and Democrats take the Senate, so that he can actually pass legislation)? I’m pretty sure I know what his economists think he should do, but I’m not equally sure that everyone on his political team fully gets it, and I’m worried that the news media will experience sticker shock — that is, they may not be ready for the price tag on what he should and probably will propose. The Treasury Department last month imposed sanctions on four people linked to Russia for attempting to influence the presidential election, including a Ukrainian parliamentarian named Andriy Derkach, who has worked with Donald Trump’s consigliere Rudy Giuliani to smear Joe Biden. According to the Treasury, Derkach has been “an active Russian agent for over a decade, maintaining close connections with the Russian intelligence services.” More than a year after its appearance in The New York Times Magazine, the 1619 Project continues to drive its critics to distraction. Last month, President Trump convened a “White House Conference on American History” to defend the “magnificent truth about our country” from the “toxic propaganda” of the project. In part two of Sway’s two-part election integrity series, Kara Swisher speaks to Trevor Potter, a former chairman of the Federal Election Commission and an expert on the dark money and opaque laws that define modern American democracy. Bob and I stood on his deck of his San Francisco flat, with the bright lights of the city behind us and the first wisps of the summer fog creeping in. The attraction was palpable. His finger traced the outline of my nose — and then we kissed. It was our first — romantic and passionate. And more: fraught with the unknown. The year was 1988, still early in the AIDS epidemic, when about one in two gay men in the city had been infected with H.I.V. We had not yet had the talk (“Do you know your status?”). Democrats across the country are beginning to believe. Much of the outrage around the Trump era and social media platforms — like, most recently, the decision by Facebook and Twitter to reduce the reach of a highly questionable New York Post story about Hunter Biden — is actually about government power and accountability. More specifically, people are angry about the absence of those things. Just over 25 years ago, Louis Farrakhan, the head of the Nation of Islam, realized he needed help in his quixotic quest to summon a million Black men to the National Mall. Within minutes of the death of the Iranian vocalist Mohammad Reza Shajarian last week, thousands streamed into the streets surrounding his hospital in Tehran, openly wept and sang his songs in unison. Donald Trump is now back on the road, holding rallies in battleground states. These events, with people behind the president wearing masks but most others not, look awfully irresponsible to most of us — some polls show that as many as 92 percent of Americans typically wear masks when they go out. A striking thing about the current moment is that if you switch back and forth between reading conservatives and liberals, you see mirror-image anxieties about authoritarianism and totalitarianism, which each side believes are developing across the partisan divide. In March, several cybercrime groups rushed to reassure people that they wouldn’t target hospitals and other health care facilities during the Covid-19 pandemic. The operators of several prominent strains of ransomware all announced they would not target hospitals, and some of them even promised to decrypt the data of health care organizations for free if one was accidentally infected by their malware. But any cybersecurity strategy that relies on the moral compunctions of criminals is doomed to fail, particularly when it comes to protecting the notoriously vulnerable computer systems of hospitals. Less than 20 days. It has been a long, hard road to this election. I see fearful faces, those of tormented migrants at the Mexican border, and hate-filled faces, those of the white nationalists in Charlottesville chanting, “Jews will not replace us.” During the early months of the Covid-19 pandemic in the United States, Americans were bombarded with contradictory information. Don’t wear masks! Actually, no, scratch that — wear them all the time! Stay in the house! Go outside! Get tested! Don’t get tested! Confused, afraid and desperate to survive, we turned to one of our favorite pastimes: public shaming. TWISP, Wash. — At dawn the deer are as thick as cattle in the valley bottom, feeding on what remains after summer’s final haying. Soon, hunting season’s first shot will scatter them to higher country, where winds shake the aspens’ first golden coins to the ground. There’s not much time. So they eat the stubble without pause, fattening up for the hungry months ahead. Recently I had the chance to watch an online focus group of seven women from swing states who had voted for Donald Trump in 2016 but who had become disaffected with him. Convened by Sarah Longwell, a founder of Republican Voters Against Trump, the session was in some ways a deeply depressing experience. From his first days in office, President Trump has waged a relentless and cynical campaign against the institutions most responsible for turning science into sound policy. This article was originally published in the Friday edition of our Opinion Today newsletter.  For anyone attempting to understand Donald Trump’s presidency — to really grasp its essence — the place to look isn’t the White House or the federal agencies or even the Supreme Court, with its expanded conservative majority. The lurid heart of Trumpist Washington lies within the grand, Romanesque-revival building at the corner of Pennsylvania Avenue and 12th Street, Northwest: the Trump International Hotel. After 2016, nobody will or should take anything for granted, but at this point Joe Biden is strongly favored to beat Donald Trump, quite possibly by a landslide. However, Trump’s party may still be in a position to inflict enormous damage on America and the world over the next few years. Editors’ Note, March 6, 2021:  This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Let’s face reality: It is likely, for now, that no further economic relief is coming from Congress before the election. For months, negotiations between Democrats and Republicans over a follow-up package have alternated between stopping, starting and stalling. On Tuesday, Judge Amy Coney Barrett took a few minutes during her confirmation hearing to discuss her judicial philosophy, best known as originalism. It means, she explained, “that I interpret the Constitution as a law, I understand it to have the meaning that it had at the time people ratified it. That meaning doesn’t change over time and it is not up to me to update it or infuse my policy views into it.” This month, federal and state authorities arrested 13 Michigan men on terrorism, conspiracy and weapons charges. Six of the men are alleged to have been plotting to kidnap the state’s governor, Gretchen Whitmer, with whom they were furious for imposing shutdowns, as most other governors did, in the early weeks of the pandemic. This month, with no warning to the Pentagon, President Trump’s national security adviser abruptly announced that the United States would reduce its troops in Afghanistan to 2,500 by early next year, rather than 4,500 as previously decided. Hours later, the president tweeted that no, he wanted them all back by Christmas. Caught by surprise, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Mark Milley, declared that he would proceed based on conditions and existing plans, and the Department of Defense noted — again — that it does not respond to commands over Twitter. Feeling anxious about Nov. 3? There’s a lot to worry about. We’re holding an election during a pandemic. Republicans are discussing aggressive tactics aimed, some charge, at suppressing the Democratic vote. And President Trump, who has sown doubts about mail-in voting, has repeatedly refused to commit to a peaceful transition of power should he lose. Democrats hope for an overwhelming “blue wave” to forestall such shenanigans. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the town halls featuring Donald Trump and Joe Biden. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rate the event on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means it was a snooze; 10 means it was must-see TV. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the town halls. The Trump presidency has been such a five-alarm fire that many people are understandably consumed with trying to put out the flames or simply survive it. But there will come a day, hopefully in the not too distant future, when people have the breathing room to investigate how the fire got started. ISTANBUL — A procession of cars filled with men waving the flag of Azerbaijan, honking and whistling drove through the Kumkapi area in Istanbul, which is home to the Armenian Patriarchate of Istanbul and many Armenian families. The car rally, on Sept. 28, was a provocation, a threat that filled my community, the tiny Armenian community — 60,000 out of 83 million — in Turkey with fear. Alongside growing controversy over judicial nominations, court reform and Covid-19 policies, American law is in the midst of a little-noticed paradigm shift in courts’ treatment of public health measures. What, in the Trump era, does the face of complicity look like? The next president, whoever he is, will not determine the future of America’s role in the world. Joe Biden does not recognize there is a problem. President Trump has no answers. Arizona has not voted for a Democratic presidential candidate in 24 years, and the state has not been represented by two Democratic senators in over 65 years. So we find ourselves in a historically strange place: Joe Biden holds a small but consistent edge over the president, and Mark Kelly, the Democratic Senate candidate, holds a lead in his race against his Republican opponent, Martha McSally. Hotels, hospitals, rehabilitation centers, media interviews. In recent months, this has been the daily ordeal of my brother, Jacob Blake Sr. — or as we call him in our family, “Big Jake.” In part one of Sway’s two-part election integrity series, Kara Swisher speaks to Alex Stamos, former Facebook chief information security officer and current director of the Stanford Internet Observatory, about what went wrong in 2016 and what Big Tech can do better in 2020. Of course we want everyone, including children, to be safe during the pandemic. We canceled school in the spring, camps in the summer, vacations, sleepovers, and more. My daughter turned 14 in June, and her friends drove by in cars, wishing her happy birthday while she waved from the lawn. With 20 days to go, most signals favor Joe Biden, but the chain of events that delivered an Electoral College victory to Donald Trump in 2016 still hovers in the rearview mirror. Thursday marks the end of Hispanic Heritage Month, which celebrates the history and culture of the U.S. Latino and Hispanic communities. It’s a fitting commemoration of our deep roots in the Americas, how much the United States depends on us economically, and how we’ve helped define American culture. Saturday, I buried my brother in a segregated cemetery. (More on that later.) Less than three weeks until the election and I know you’re obsessed about those Senate races. When Facebook’s founder and chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, told me two years ago in a podcast interview that Holocaust deniers might not mean to lie, my first instinct was to reply, “That’s completely idiotic.” I managed to stifle myself. In his classic story “Rip Van Winkle,” the author Washington Irving told the tale of an 18th-century American who drinks a potion and falls asleep for 20 years. Upon waking, he finds a world that has changed in shocking ways. (There’s been a revolution, for example, and the United States is now a thing.) When Americans recently learned how little President Trump has paid in taxes in the past 15 years and how he benefited from financial maneuvers, it reinforced the widespread belief that the rich don’t pay their fair share. Lost in the outrage is the fact that the tax provisions that allowed Mr. Trump to trim his tax bill were probably not illegal or the results of tax schemes concocted by anti-tax legislators. I spent about an hour over the weekend filling out my ballot for the 2020 general election. As an immigrant from a country where elections were not free until 1994, I understand the privilege of the franchise. Every two years, when it’s time to vote in national elections, I rip open my voting packet with a sense of sacred, nerdy seriousness. I’ll even study the positions of the candidates for school board. But that feeling never lasts; by the time I finish filling in all the bubbles, I am bitter and angry, weighed down by the pointlessness of the whole exercise. It was a bit of news that came and went quickly amid the fury of political developments these days, but last weekend Jaime Harrison, the South Carolina Democrat who is fighting to unseat Lindsey Graham, announced that he had not merely broken the record for fund-raising for a Senate candidate in a single quarter. He had shattered it. Amy Coney Barrett has been following recent precedent in her confirmation hearing before the Senate, pretending that she has never had an interesting thought in her life. The optimist, according to an old joke, believes that this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears that the optimist is right. Finishing up the dinner dishes one evening last week, I was jolted by a song on my teenage daughter’s playlist. In the radio-edited version of “F2020,” Avenue Beat delivers a captivating chorus, followed by: “I am kinda done. Can we just get to 2021?” In 2003, when an earthquake killed thousands in the Iranian city of Bam, President George W. Bush set aside years of animosity and sent an airlift of rescuers and medical supplies. He also temporarily eased some restrictions on sending money and goods to the country. “American people care and we’ve got great compassion for human suffering,” Mr. Bush told CNN in the aftermath of the quake. “It’s right to take care of people when they hurt.” As I watched the first Trump-Biden debate, a vision popped into my head. I imagined that the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party had also gathered to watch the debate — but its members decided to make it more entertaining by playing a drinking game. Every time Donald Trump said something ridiculous or embarrassing for America, each Politburo member had to down a shot of whiskey. Within a half-hour, all 25 members were stone-cold drunk. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. BERLIN — Germany is no longer playing nice with Russia. This summer, as debate raged among lawmakers, school districts and parents about whether it was safe to send kids back to school, something strange happened in Howard County, Md. I keep seeing news reports saying that the Trump administration is “pivoting” on economic stimulus. But Donald Trump has been reversing positions so frequently that it looks less like a series of pivots than like a tailspin. Before regulators held their ground earlier this month, there were good reasons to be concerned about President Trump’s push for a coronavirus vaccine. But he had already missed becoming the first world leader to get one approved. Vladimir Putin of Russia had already done it. And in stark contrast to Mr. Trump’s “America First” approach, Mr. Putin is using his under-tested vaccine as part of a global full-court press to win friends and enhance his country’s soft power. In the Christian tradition, icons are meant to remind flawed humans of what they could become. Paintings of Jesus, the Virgin Mary and the saints remind the devout to aspire to holiness and sacrifice in their daily lives. Meditating on an icon can be a form of prayer: Lord, make me more like them. Four years ago, when many Republicans believed that Hillary Clinton was about to be elected president, conservatives plotted to stop her from reshaping the Supreme Court. In the weeks leading up to the election, Black women are expected once again to deliver victory for Democratic candidates. We have gone from being unable to vote legally to a highly courted voting bloc — all in little more than a century. Where would we be now if we had a truly politically incorrect president? Donald Trump is supposed to be politically incorrect, but, for the most part, he isn’t. He’s mainly just a jerk. Amy Coney Barrett, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, has faced immense scrutiny of her religious beliefs, and we need to be vigilant against any religious bias or discrimination. Within days of China’s announcing the first case of Covid-19, Vietnam was mobilizing to stop the spread of the coronavirus. Using mass texts, TV ads, billboards, posters and loudspeakers, the government exhorted the nation’s 100 million citizens to identify carriers and trace contacts, contacts of contacts, even contacts of contacts of contacts. Rapid isolation of outbreaks has kept Vietnam’s death rate among the four lowest in the world — well under one death per million people. Neither Joe Biden nor Kamala Harris has made a clear statement in favor of expanding the Supreme Court beyond its current size. But that hasn’t stopped conservatives and Republicans from denouncing — perhaps with a hint of fear — their as-yet unarticulated plan to do so. Are gig workers employees or freelance contractors? It’s been a question for companies like Uber, Lyft, Instacart and DoorDash for nearly as long as “gig work” itself — or at least the Silicon Valley version — has existed. California voters next month may finally help settle the matter. At a time when elected officials appear stymied by the challenge of climate change, or even in denial about it, it is heartening to see a royal prince pitch in with a good initiative. Charles Koch has activated his political network to support Judge Amy Coney Barrett’s nomination, and to tip the scales on her nomination battle in the U.S. Senate. While much of the commentary about Judge Barrett’s nomination has focused on the real prospect that Roe v. Wade may be undermined or overturned, Mr. Koch has other concerns. Judge Barrett’s nomination is the latest battleground in his decades-long war to reshape American society in a way that ensures that corporations can operate with untrammeled freedom. It may be a pivotal one. Gail Collins: Bret, three weeks until the election. I know there are people who claim to be undecided when pollsters call, but I think they’re just being contrarian. Do you believe there are people who are still making up their minds? Roe v. Wade is under threat. As Republican senators scramble to fill Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s seat with a conservative justice who would tilt the court six to three, the nation’s largest abortion and reproductive rights provider has its own power playbook. In this episode of Sway, Kara Swisher speaks to Planned Parenthood’s president and C.E.O., Alexis McGill Johnson. President Xi Jinping of China recently pledged to the United Nations General Assembly that the country would become carbon neutral by 2060. It was an unexpected announcement from the world’s greatest emitter of carbon dioxide. As Amy Coney Barrett’s confirmation hearings begin this week in the Senate Judiciary Committee, there is little doubt that her views about judicial precedents will be prominently featured. Millions of Americans have already cast votes ahead of the election, and democracy demands that one of the candidates on the ballot be the Democrats’ lead questioner at the confirmation hearing for Amy Coney Barrett that begins Monday. One of the most enduring descriptions of American pluralism was composed by a religious Jew. In 1790, Moses Seixas led the dwindling Jewish community of the Touro Synagogue in Newport, R.I. He had struggled to sustain the religious observances that endowed Jews with a distinct identity: public readings of the Torah, circumcisions of baby boys, and the keeping of kosher dietary laws. Soon Newport’s remaining Jews would depart for other communities as opportunity there dwindled, and Seixas could have easily been forgotten in the annals of American history. One hundred years ago, as a deadly influenza gripped the world and the stock market dropped precipitously, our great-grandfather John D. Rockefeller Jr. began investing in New York banks to diversify the family’s business away from fossil fuels in the midst of the economic uncertainty. What’s getting in the way of a recovery for New York City’s small businesses? Continued weak demand is surely the main factor. But the fact that commercial rents remain artificially inflated compounds the problem. More businesses could survive, more commercial spaces repurposed for other uses and more new businesses started if commercial rents actually reflected market conditions. WASHINGTON — At long last, a top Republican is distancing himself from Donald Trump. WASHINGTON — Sitting in the back of his limousine after an appearance on “The Tonight Show,” Donald Trump was explaining to me why he never had much use for Jimmy Carter. It was a kind gesture to some 6,000 Filipinos who, in their youth, had fought with American armed forces in World War II and had been granted U.S. citizenship decades later. In 2016, when the veterans were in their 80s and 90s, the Obama administration agreed to allow some of their relatives in the Philippines to come to the United States before they completed the long wait for formal admission. At first, I thought class was about money. “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” taught me that it wasn’t. After six months at home, I have no idea what I sound like on the page anymore. I’ve lost my voice to underuse — or that’s what it feels like. I don’t know what I look like either. It’s not that I’m sitting around in my pajamas. I’m getting as dressed as I ever did, even putting on perfume. But without daily immersion in society, my sense of the world’s outside-in gaze on me has attenuated. Three weeks from now, we will reach an end to speculation about what Donald Trump will do if he faces political defeat, whether he will leave power like a normal president or attempt some wild resistance. Reality will intrude, substantially if not definitively, into the argument over whether the president is a corrupt incompetent who postures as a strongman on Twitter or a threat to the Republic to whom words like “authoritarian” and even “autocrat” can be reasonably applied. While reading that President Trump had claimed $70,000 in highly dubious tax deductions for hair styling for his television show, I kept thinking about a homeless African-American woman named Tanya McDowell who was imprisoned for misleading officials to get her young son into a better school district. If there’s one word admirers and critics alike can agree on when it comes to The New York Times’s award-winning 1619 Project, it’s ambition. Ambition to reframe America’s conversation about race. Ambition to reframe our understanding of history. Ambition to move from news pages to classrooms. Ambition to move from scholarly debate to national consciousness. Economic growth is sputtering as the coronavirus continues to spread. Workers laid off temporarily in the spring or summer are discovering that their jobs are gone forever. Small businesses are guttering out like so many candles in a rainstorm. State and local governments are cutting services. Millions of children are hungry; millions of families can’t pay their rent. When schools shut down in March, Cedars-Sinai, a not-for-profit health care system in Southern California, offered frontline workers $100 per shift to cover child care, for as many shifts as they needed. The other day, my 7-year-old, having gotten wind of President Trump’s Covid-19 diagnosis, asked me point blank, “Mommy, are you glad that Trump got the coronavirus?” Robert Mackey of The Intercept tweeted this week: “I give up. It’s pointless to report on anything other than the president of the United States having a personal social media feed that reveals he’s a lunatic.” In the swirls of disinformation that now pollute our political discourse, one is particularly dangerous: that private militias are constitutionally protected. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Last year Donald Trump called Nancy Pelosi, the House speaker, a “nasty, vindictive, horrible person.” Actually, she isn’t — but he is. Back in February it seemed as if we were about to have one of the most ideologically polarized elections in American history. President Trump was rushing ahead with his populist/ego-trip/authoritarian whatchamacallit. The Democrats were shifting left: Medicare for All, Green New Deal, Bernie Sanders-style reimagining of capitalism. When President Trump introduced Judge Amy Coney Barrett as his third nominee to the Supreme Court, he praised her “unyielding loyalty to the Constitution.” The implicit premise was that her fidelity to the nation’s founding document as a judge could excuse his violations of the Constitution as president. But the highest test of politicians’ constitutional scruples is not how they populate another branch of government. It is how they carry out their responsibilities in their own spheres. By that test, Mr. Trump’s loyalty to the Constitution has yielded to political convenience time and again. YEREVAN, Armenia — Taking shelter in a hospital basement, 19-year-old George Alexanian can hear the suicide drones buzzing overhead in the city of Stepanakert. Once again, the bitterly contested claims to the mountainous region of Nagorno-Karabakh in the South Caucasus have erupted into violence. What exactly is going on is difficult to glean from the exaggerated statements and propaganda of the feuding Armenians and Azerbaijanis, but hundreds have been killed, rockets have struck both the capital of the enclave and also Azerbaijan’s second-largest city, and the fighting threatens to escalate into a regional debacle with ramifications far beyond. Gov. Andrew Cuomo has imposed new restrictions on businesses, mass gatherings and places of worship in towns and New York City neighborhoods with high rates of coronavirus infections — some of which also have large populations of Orthodox and Hasidic Jews. An Orthodox advocacy group, Agudath Israel of America, has filed a federal lawsuit against the new regulations on the grounds that they violate the right to free exercise of religion. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Somewhere under the cornfields and backyard hoop courts of Indiana is a small black box holding the conscience of Vice President Mike Pence. He buried it four years ago, when a tape emerged of Donald Trump boasting about sexually assaulting women. Much of the point of the Republican alliance with Donald Trump was to establish control over the federal judiciary as a whole and the Supreme Court in particular. The deal was simple: Republicans would support him and his agenda, such as it was. He would nominate a cadre of reliably conservative judges, handpicked by the Federalist Society and backed by groups like the Judicial Crisis Network, to lifetime positions on the federal bench, where they would write conservative ideology into the Constitution under the cover of an “originalism” that conveniently and consistently aligns with Republican Party political preferences. At least 15 million Americans every week tune into one of the top 15 talk radio programs. They are not monolithically conservative, but they are overwhelmingly so. A dozen of the top 15 shows feature conservative or libertarian hosts — with devoted followings like Rush Limbaugh’s “Dittoheads” or Michael Savage’s “Savage Nation” — and only one leans left. We tend to credit Amazon’s enormous reach to its inventiveness. Jeff Bezos has built a logistics operation that rivals UPS and FedEx in the volume of packages it delivers to consumers in the United States. Amazon’s Alexa is the dominant operating system in the new arena of voice-enabled devices and web access. This week, Facebook has been busy disabling itself. What does it mean to love a country? I have spent most of my life studying American history and literature because of a deep if sometimes difficult affinity I would call love. Deeper, though, is a feeling like a love of family, a hope that whoever by whatever accident or choice falls under the definition of family will thrive and will experience even a difficult life as a blessing because his or her worth is a fact without conditions. Our Opinion writers have offered their takes on who won last night’s debate, the only chance for Senator Kamala Harris and Vice President Mike Pence to come face to face, albeit through plexiglass, as we approach the climax of the election. We need to talk about that fly. You might know Michael Render, a.k.a. Killer Mike, from a speech he made that went viral four days after George Floyd’s death. Protests in Atlanta were escalating and so was the damage and violence. The mayor needed help turning the temperature down. There’s been a lot of discussion this election cycle about what the vice president will mean to the next administration and beyond. Kamala Harris and Mike Pence have just wrapped up their one and only debate. Who do you think made the biggest impact on voters? Which moments were most revealing to you? Please answer the questions below. We’ll publish a selection of responses on Thursday. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the vice-presidential debate between Kamala Harris and Mike Pence. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers pick the winner and then rank the victory on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means it was a very narrow win; 10 means it was a blowout. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the debate. If I were a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, here are the questions I would ask Judge Amy Coney Barrett, President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, at her confirmation hearing scheduled to begin next week. I have grouped them into five categories. A growing coronavirus outbreak in several Brooklyn and Queens neighborhoods is the most serious public health emergency New York City has faced since the spring, when the virus claimed more than 20,000 lives. Have you noticed that right now everything is about Amy Coney Barrett, the new Supreme Court nominee? Something momentous happened late last week, a brief pinprick of clarity piercing through the haze: Donald Trump finally showed Americans the truth about the coronavirus. When Jennifer Doudna was in sixth grade, she came home one day to find that her dad had left a paperback titled “The Double Helix” on her bed. She put it aside, thinking it was one of those detective tales she loved. When she read it on a rainy Saturday, she discovered she was right, in a way. As she sped through the pages, she became enthralled by the intense drama, filled with colorful characters, about ambition and competition in the pursuit of nature’s wonders. Even though her high school counselor told her girls didn’t become scientists, she decided she would. The airline industry, as we have known it for decades, is over. A restructured industry will be landing soon, changing how we fly and what we fly. MUMBAI, India — India today is like the Mad Hatter’s tea party — partly funny, partly weird — and hidden behind it is an incredibly tragic soliloquy of pain. More than six million confirmed coronavirus cases. About 100,000 deaths. The economy expected to contract by 12 percent. China trying to take over territory on a disputed border. It sounds counterintuitive, but it’s true: Donald Trump is bad at electoral politics. Robert O’Brien, President Trump’s national security adviser, revealed this week that he had recently met his Russian counterpart, Nikolai Patrushev, in Geneva and warned him that “there would be absolutely no tolerance for any interference” in the November election. Right now it’s hard to cast our minds past Election Day, or tomorrow for that matter, but a crucial question hangs over the 2020 election. What happens to the political parties they lead if Trump wins and Biden loses? What about the other way around? How would either of these outcomes affect the struggle between the establishment and insurgent wings in each party? The conspiratorial speculations swirling around Donald Trump’s illness were inevitable. I’m not saying that just because the White House’s mixed signals and lack of transparency have made it difficult to know what’s going on, though that hasn’t helped. American democracy isn’t just quirky — it’s also unfair. Five times in our history, presidential candidates who have won more votes than their opponent have still lost the election. Why? Our 230-year-old jerry-built system for picking the president, known as the Electoral College. Imagine wanting, needing, to take a gulp of air and finding that you can’t. On Monday, a patient walked into the emergency room where I work. He struggled to breathe as he explained his symptoms to me. When the test result came back positive for the coronavirus, his eyes brimmed, and he spoke quietly: “Will I be OK?” How Black is Kamala Harris? That the question gets posed speaks to the ill-defined contours of an ill-defined concept. Ms. Harris, the daughter of an Indian-born mother and a Jamaican-born father, has been called in the media “half Black,” “biracial,” “mixed race” and “Blasian.” In online posts, people have ventured that she’s “partly Black” or — for having attended Howard University, a historically Black school — an “honorary full Black.” Others persist in asking whether she’s “Black enough.” The most important question today is not what President Trump has learned from his bout with Covid-19. Trump is one of those leaders who never learns and never forgets, as the saying goes. The most important question is what have we as citizens learned — and, in particular, what have Trump’s supporters learned? Social media is a cesspool, and it’s getting worse by the day. In the past few months, outright lies about miracle coronavirus cures, mail-in voting fraud and Senator Kamala Harris’s eligibility for the vice presidency have gone viral on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and elsewhere. People believe them. Decades after the Nazi occupation of what is today the Czech Republic, a plaque appeared on a house in the small town of Trebon in honor of a wartime nurse. Her name is unknown, and her existence is uncertain, but the story of her resistance continues to be passed down. In the short documentary above, Trebon’s residents speculate about the heroine’s life, building a portrait of a woman who fought the enemy in her own way. Joe Biden has vowed to be a president for all Americans, even those who do not support him. In previous elections, such a promise might have sounded trite or treacly. Today, the idea that the president should have the entire nation’s interests at heart feels almost revolutionary. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Americans might not need to read a newspaper article to tell them how to vote in this presidential election. In fact, more than four million people have already cast their ballots. The grim reality of American life at this moment — the hundreds of thousands of coronavirus deaths, the financial struggles, the disinformation, the factionalism, the warming planet — makes the case for Joe Biden far more powerfully than any endorsement ever could. For many, the choice is as plain as the mask on Mr. Biden’s face. Donald Trump is a self-mythologized version of a man. It has never been a particularly hard act to see through. President Trump, fresh from the hospital and still battling Covid-19, tweeted Tuesday morning that he is “looking forward” to his next debate with Joe Biden on Oct. 15. “FEELING GREAT!” he tweeted separately. If schools across the United States return to “normal” in January, the average student will have lost nearly seven months of learning. But the low-income students among them will have lost more than a year. The rightful president of Belarus, Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, appeared via video last month before the United Nations Human Rights Council. Her country’s August election, she declared, had been “stolen.” Doctors like to do good. They also like to make money. Technically, the ways in which physicians are paid are “colorblind.” Despite this, they contribute to inequality. It’s time to fix payment models that don’t address Covid-19’s disproportionate impact on racial and ethnic minorities and don’t align with broader efforts to make health care fair. This is a strange moment for racial politics in America. Many liberals regard the Trump era as a turning point akin to Reconstruction or the civil rights era, in which the country is choosing between the entrenchment of white privilege and the possibility of a truly anti-racist future. There is a line from Hannah Arendt’s 1951 book “The Origins of Totalitarianism” that I’ve thought about constantly during the last four years. “Totalitarianism will not be satisfied to assert, in the face of contrary facts, that unemployment does not exist; it will abolish unemployment benefits as part of its propaganda,” Arendt wrote. On Monday morning America’s most prominent beneficiary of socialized medicine, in the process of receiving expensive, taxpayer-financed care at a government-run hospital, was tweeting furiously. One of President Trump’s manic missives particularly caught the eyes of health care experts: his exhortation to “PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!” In an era of stark political polarization, it is difficult to find any one place that is a true microcosm of the country. But it is possible to find places on which the November election pivots. These communities that hold the key to the vote are as varied as the nation — and they reflect a notable inversion of its politics. “Any mans death diminishes me,” wrote John Donne, “because I am involved in Mankinde.” With that thought, let us all wish Donald Trump a full and speedy recovery from his bout of Covid-19. I stood on the edge of a tunnel. I could look down it in both directions. It didn’t end, so far as I could tell. It was wide enough for two big trucks to pass abreast. The color was a uniform misty gray. The light never changed. There was never a breeze. There were only two things there. They stood across from my vantage point, near the opposite wall. Both appeared to be packages, though neither had any logo or label. One was a squat cylinder that might have held a half-dozen dinner plates. The other was a tall rectangle about the size of an old-fashioned stereo speaker. They, too, were gray. Back in the 1950s, the psychologist Leon Festinger came up with cognitive dissonance theory, which can essentially be described as the very human desire to reconcile the irreconcilable. Our brains, he realized, will go to baroque lengths — do magic tricks, even — to preserve the integrity of our worldview, even when the facts inconveniently club us over the head with a two-by-four. The coronavirus’s rampage through America threw a spotlight on its failings — on the galling inequality, the fatal partisanship, the susceptibility to fiction and the way in which rugged individualism had curdled into plain old selfishness. Bret Stephens: Well, Gail, it was another slow news week. Donald Trump and Joe Biden had a televised conversation and then the president caught some sort of cold. We’ll have to stick to boring subjects. The 25th Amendment, anyone? Dr. Moncef Slaoui is the chief scientific adviser for Operation Warp Speed, and arguably the most powerful force in the mission to vaccinate America from the coronavirus. The scientist, a 30-year pharmaceutical industry veteran and registered Democrat, says he doesn’t “want to get into the politics” even though everything about the United States’ coronavirus response — from mask-wearing to President Trump’s illness — seems to have been politicized. It is a basic instinct of infectious diseases clinicians and researchers to seek and prescribe prophylactics or treatments that are almost guaranteed to benefit the patients who entrust us with their care. Much of the commentary on the fresh revelations about President Trump’s tax returns has focused on how they illustrate the vulnerability of the federal tax system to exploitation by the ultrarich. This is for good reason: Mr. Trump aggressively used a set of tax breaks popular with real estate developers to pay no taxes in 11 out of the previous 18 years, and just $750 for both 2016 and 2017. The American people deserve better than to be misled about the health of the president. America, we’ve been here before you. We know what it is like to have a country’s leader downplay the virus, ignore safety measures inside their work space, assume health restrictions are for the little people, and then become ill. We know what it’s like to be pitched into fearful political uncertainties; who’s making the decisions in a crisis, and what are the consequences for us if a leader is incapacitated? TEL AVIV — When Israel imposed a coronavirus lockdown in March, I walked home after raiding the supermarket and was able to hear the birds chirping on Dizengoff Street, one of the busiest arteries here. AUBURN, Ala. — Since August, I’ve been in charge of Senator Doug Jones’s campaign sign delivery for greater Lee County, which is in the eastern part of Alabama. I receive a list of people who have requested signs from the senator’s headquarters, in Birmingham. I then spend a lot of time on Google spreadsheets and Google maps, dividing the requests into routes and sending the routes to our stable of volunteers. The problem is that we have too many people who want to deliver signs and not enough people who want signs. There’s always a disappointed volunteer, someone who wasn’t fast enough on the draw. BALASHIKHA, Russia — Take any of the many highways out of the Russian capital and you can dissect the country’s strata like rings on a tree. Sentinel apartment towers replace the bustling illuminated center, then the belt of auto dealerships and box stores drifts by. Gradually, the landscape becomes sparse, with villages and towns sporadically punctuating the stretch of meadows and forests for thousands of miles in every direction. Since the death of George Floyd sparked a wave of national protests, at least 42 of the 50 largest cities in the country have adopted new rules aimed at curbing abuses by the police, according to a tally by Samuel Walker, an expert on police accountability who is affiliated with the University of Nebraska Omaha. From May through August, 15 cities banned chokeholds. A dozen passed “duty-to-intervene” statutes, requiring police officers to act if they see a fellow officer endanger a civilian. Still others banned so-called “no knock” warrants or changed policies related to the use of force. Most of the women in Maria Jose Bastias’s English language class, at Mujeres Unidas y Activas, a nonprofit in San Francisco, did not know that they could get a coronavirus test without health insurance, or that they were legally entitled to paid sick leave if they contracted the virus, regardless of their immigration status. They worked grueling hours at menial jobs that offered little security; it had not occurred to many of them to even ask about such benefits, let alone to expect them. For those working in the restaurant industry, “Every day is a negotiation: of labor costs, food costs, rent, insurance, health inspections, and the art and craft of creating an experience special enough to keep people coming through the doors,” writes Priya Krishna in her Op-Ed, “How to Save Restaurants.” The president has been infected with coronavirus. Schadenfreude is inappropriate. This is, however, a good opportunity for leaders to rethink their current policies and rhetoric on prevention — because what the president’s case highlights are the limitations of even the best testing regimes. WASHINGTON — Fate leads the willing, Seneca said, while the unwilling get dragged. Last week, just two short days before Donald Trump tested positive for the coronavirus, several of my colleagues wrote a story about the early days of the pandemic, and the strong global public health consensus at the time that open borders and free movement of peoples should not be suspended, even in the face of a swiftly spreading virus. “With malice toward none; with charity for all.” The first thing to say is simple: Best wishes to President Trump and the first lady for a speedy recovery from Covid-19. LIMA, Peru — When he was a boy in the late ’80s, Elmer Hualinga would go to the nearby ravine to catch some odd fish. He’d see them floating on the water, motionless, covered in a slimy black substance. That didn’t seem to concern the elders of Nueva Andoas, Mr. Hualinga’s Quichua community in the Peruvian Amazon near the border with Ecuador. They would yank the creatures from the dark water, rinse them off and take them home to cook. Where rivers run free, dams are intruders. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Amid political strife and smoke visible from space, the future of the Amazon has rarely been so hazy. Environmentalists see a vanishing rainforest of global consequence. Indigenous leaders see an ancestral home still being exploited by settlers after 500 years of genocidal violence. Brazil’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, sees valuable acreage wasted by “cave men” and Marxists. KABUL, Afghanistan — As the major warring parties in Afghanistan sit down for peace talks in Doha, Qatar, an old, unresolved debate is emerging as the central question: What should be the role of Islam in Afghanistan? A humid seaside resort on the Persian Gulf, where the delegates are gathered, has become the unlikely venue for a search for answers acceptable to most Afghans. May President Trump and the first lady recover swiftly after testing positive for the coronavirus. For their sake — and for the sake of the nation. It’s a measure of the cynicism that has infected American politics — and, yes, me — that among my initial reactions to the news that President Trump had tested positive for the coronavirus was: Are we sure? Can we trust that? A man who so frequently and flamboyantly plays the victim, and who has been prophylactically compiling ways to explain away or dispute a projected loss to Joe Biden, is now being forced off the campaign trail, which will be a monster of an excuse. “There’s a lot of land for few Indians.” So goes the tired creed, recently revived by President Jair Bolsonaro of Brazil. And yet those “few Indians,” representing 305 Indigenous groups and speaking 274 languages, have accomplished what governments have tried and failed to do for decades: control deforestation in more than 440,000 square miles of Amazon forests. This article has been updated to reflect news developments. MIAMI — Every year in early October, I travel to Mexico City to celebrate my mother’s birthday with her. She’s turning 87 this year, so both of us realize we don’t have time to waste. PÁRA STATE, Brazil — It’s been nearly five years since J.S. de Brito began a legal battle to protect his daughter, who was sexually abused when she was only 2, and to prosecute the man he suspects committed the crime — the child’s maternal grandfather. Despite medical evidence confirming that the child was molested, the case has stalled. The justice system in this region of the Brazilian Amazon has allowed the possible abuser to continue to have almost daily contact with his victim. When asked to condemn “white supremacists and militia groups” during his debate with Joe Biden this week, President Trump gave a largely garbled answer, asking for definitions and caveats, attempting to misdirect attention to leftist violence, and repeatedly interrupting the moderator. One part of his answer, however, was crystal clear. “Proud Boys, stand back and stand by,” Mr. Trump said. Western medicine is the most successful system of healing ever devised and is becoming more so as technology improves and synthetic medicines proliferate. But Mother Nature has been synthesizing weird and wonderful medicinal chemicals for over three billion years, many of which chemists could not predict or devise in their wildest dreams. Rainforests are unique ecosystems of immense complexity that nurture an incredible diversity of plants, animals and micro-organisms. Bulldozers and chain saws don’t care about that. As the coronavirus spread across the Amazon in March, the evangelical organization New Tribes Mission of Brazil was preparing for a mission to the Javari Valley — a remote region near the border with Peru that is home to one of the world’s largest concentration of Indigenous peoples. President Trump may have a problem in the American Southwest. And contrary to popular belief, it is not just liberal California exiles fleeing to states like Nevada and Arizona or a high number of Democratic-leaning Latino voters in those states. FLORIANÓPOLIS, Brazil — The samaúma tree is one of the largest and tallest of the forest. Its canopy flourishes in the sky and its roots embrace everything around them. Local people call it the “grandmother tree,” and ethnographic researchers have found that Indigenous peoples used to bury their dead in urns among those roots. They also used the tree to communicate with others in the forest: When you hit the roots, the noise reverberates through the trunk like a drum. MARANHÃO STATE, Brazil — My daughter, Y’Wara, is 15. Last September she became a woman in the Menina Moça ceremony, which our tribe, the Guajajara, has performed for centuries. The president of the United States paid less in federal taxes than all but the poorest Americans the year he was elected. This is in large part because he lost more money than nearly anybody else in this country for years, a troubling fact given his promise to “run America like his business.” Thanks to Donald Trump’s shouting and nonstop lying, there wasn’t much of a substantive policy discussion at the debate on Tuesday. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. So far, the 21st century has been a century of menace and insecurity. The threats have come in rapid succession: terrorism, financial collapse, plague, climate change, the quaking of our democracy. For good reasons, a tone of heightened alarm has become the default setting across the media. One of the few good things about a deadly pandemic is that if you are a person who enjoys talking on the phone, as I am, you will now have lots of time to do this, far more time than you did during regular life. Any New Yorker who is able to do so ought to vote early and in person. Little more than 12 hours after the conclusion of the most chaotic, counterproductive and outright offensive American presidential debate in my lifetime, the Commission on Presidential Debates promised unspecified format changes in the two remaining faceoffs between Donald Trump and Joe Biden so that the events would be more orderly, which is to say watchable at all. In 1992, according to an article in The Times, Justice Clarence Thomas told two of his clerks that he planned to remain on the court until 2034. At the end of the Civil War in 1865, Mississippi was a majority-Black state. As Election Day nears, conservative lawmakers like Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming have warned that Democrats plan to “stack the Senate” by admitting new states to the union if they win control of the presidency and Congress. We certainly hope so. Democrats should make District of Columbia statehood a top priority if they win in November. Adding a star to the American flag for the district would be good for the Democratic Party and good for democracy. The first presidential debate of 2020, was, in the words of Jake Tapper, “a hot mess inside a dumpster fire inside a train wreck.” But the show must go on, and, out of duty to a nation longing for a debate wrap-up set to music, the Gregory Brothers teamed up with the greatest American parodist alive and set to work. In the video above, Weird Al provides the debate recap we all need. Alexander Vindman — war hero, European affairs expert, lieutenant colonel in the Army — had lofty dreams of serving the United States. But a call he heard between President Trump and Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, gave him pause. Little more than a year after taking a job at the White House, Colonel Vindman testified before Congress regarding the Ukraine scandal, and was a key witness in the impeachment inquiry into Mr. Trump. This week’s investigation by The Times into President Trump’s long-hidden tax returns uncovered staggering business losses and such vigorous exploitation of loopholes that the president paid only $750 in federal income taxes in 2016 and 2017. When asked during Tuesday’s presidential debate about the revelations, Mr. Trump was unrepentant. “It was the tax laws,” he declared. His tax avoidance was “like every other private person, unless they’re stupid.” President Trump didn’t hurt Joe Biden in Tuesday’s debate, but he badly damaged our country. We don’t know if Donald Trump’s recent federal income tax returns indicate illegal activity. But even if the $750 income tax bills he paid in each of the first two years of his presidency turn out to have been calculated in compliance with the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, he has enjoyed the benefits of the society we all contribute to build, then skipped out on his share of the bill — a sort of dine-and-dash on his fellow Americans. On the last Sunday in May, Jeremy Lee Quinn, a furloughed photographer in Santa Monica, Calif., was snapping photos of suburban moms kneeling at a Black Lives Matter protest when a friend alerted him to a more dramatic subject: looting at a shoe store about a mile away. HONG KONG — No amount of outcry, condemnation or sanctions over the Chinese government’s purported encroachment in Hong Kong’s affairs will alter the fact that Hong Kong is part of China and that its destiny is intertwined with the mainland’s. All Americans, whatever their political inclinations, should make time to watch Tuesday night’s presidential debate, and every minute of the two forthcoming debates. When the nation looks back on the presidential debate we witnessed this week, do you think it’ll be remembered as: I wasn’t in the crowd of people who believed Joe Biden shouldn’t deign to debate President Trump, but put me in the crowd that believes he shouldn’t debate him again. Not after Tuesday night’s horror show: a disgrace to the format, an insult to the country, a nearly pointless 90 minutes. The first time I heard someone say it, I thought it was a joke. This article has been updated to reflect news developments. Shortly after President Trump and Joe Biden exited the stage, our Opinion writers began dissecting the first presidential debate, highlighting the evening’s most pivotal moments and noting who they thought stood to gain the most. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers pick the winner and then rank the victory on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means it was a very narrow win; 10 means it was a blowout. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the debate. President Trump and Joe Biden have left the stage and our pundits are intently filling out their scorecards. They’ll share their thoughts soon, and we’d like to invite you to do the same. Who gained the most? Which moments were significant for you? Please answer the questions below. We’ll publish a selection of responses on Wednesday. Almost nine years ago, in early December, I took my younger daughter, Phoebe, to Disney World to celebrate her fifth birthday. I was a reporter in Rome in 2005 when Italy banned smoking in restaurants. I was skeptical. For many Italians, having a cigarette with after-dinner coffee was simply part of the meal, like dessert. Also, Italians are famously lax about following rules: They dodge their taxes and park on sidewalks. As I wrote in these pages: “Smokers declared — basta! — they would never comply.” A year ago, the world read a record of a phone call in which President Trump pressured Ukraine’s government to provide dirt on his political rival, Joe Biden. The transcript of that call, along with other evidence, made clear the president and his associates asked officials in Kyiv to deliver on Mr. Trump’s political interests in exchange for American military aid needed to defend Ukraine. At the end of last year, the president was impeached for that abuse of power. A steep increase in the daily rate of positive coronavirus tests in a handful of New York communities is cause for alarm — and action. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. President Trump has made it unmistakably clear in recent weeks — and even more crystal clear at the Tuesday debate — that there are only two choices before voters on Nov. 3 — and electing Joe Biden is not one of them. Chris is a registered Democrat in her 50s who lives in Manhattan. She’s well-educated, well-traveled and well-informed. She has voted for candidates of both parties over the years and was enthusiastic for Bernie Sanders in 2016. In the years before he became president, Donald Trump lived lavishly while paying little in federal income taxes. The Times reported on Sunday that Mr. Trump paid no taxes in 10 of the 15 years immediately preceding his run for the White House. In each of the following two years, 2016 and 2017, he paid the token sum of $750. The past isn’t a road map to the present — or even a travel guide — but there’s tremendous value in knowing how our predecessors tackled the challenges of their era. The period of the early American republic, in particular, was a fierce and fractious time in our political history, with highly charged debates over the very foundation of self-rule and constitutional government. Over the last week, I’ve written about the judicial battles of Thomas Jefferson’s first term and the constitutional conflict behind the Missouri controversy of 1819 to 1821. To conclude this brief cycle of columns, I want to take a look at the first and most consequential electoral crisis in American history: the election of 1800. MEXICO CITY — I’ve spent two decades trying to make sense of the economics of Mexico’s drug trafficking. During that time I have often heard a phrase muttered by gangsters and crime journalists: “Who needs the angels, when you have God.” If cartels pay off the top levels of government, or the gods, then the lower levels, like the police officers, are already taken care of. Money rises up like gas, and power flows down like water. It is the start of a school year unlike any other. Many schools, especially in large urban districts, are fully remote. In New York, school opening was announced and then delayed. Some schools have opened and then grappled with quarantine. Others started closed and are now opening. The bombshell New York Times report on Donald Trump’s tax returns is a remarkable feat of journalism. The team deserves special praise for making their findings comprehensible to general readers, and not getting lost in the details. A year ago, the United States was regarded as the country best prepared for a pandemic. Our government had spent nearly two decades strategizing for a doomsday scenario. So what went wrong? In “Unpregnant,” the HBO bildungsroman released this month, the plot revolves around a 17-year-old heroine who travels from Missouri to Albuquerque — a road trip of 1,000 miles — because that’s the nearest place she can get an abortion without parental consent. Watching it made me recall a conversation with a feminist friend, who shocked the hell out of me last year by saying that progressives were too focused on protecting Roe v. Wade. In his new book “Rage,” Bob Woodward reports that Dan Coats, Donald Trump’s first director of national intelligence, was never able to shake his suspicions that Trump is in the pocket of President Vladimir Putin of Russia. When I founded Michael Angelo’s Wonderland Beauty Parlor in the meatpacking district 15 years ago, I never imagined I would one day have to downsize and relocate to survive rising rents, only to have to then shut down for months. Nor could I conceive of having to choose between paying the rent on my apartment, paying the lease on the salon or putting food on the table. Elon Musk has a vision of the future, and — as one of the world’s richest men with four corporations under his reign — the means to try to manifest it. In a conversation with Kara Swisher, he outlines his theory of, well, everything. Bret Stephens: Gail, I feel like we’re living in a sci-fi movie, on a dying planet, getting bombarded by at least one giant asteroid a day. Let’s take them one at a time: The Times’s latest scoop on President Trump’s tax returns. On one hand, I’m appalled. On the other, not shocked in the slightest. I mean, it’s not exactly news that Trump’s businesses have usually lost money hand over fist. Your thoughts? The first column I ever wrote was about the April 2008 Democratic presidential debate between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. It took place in the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia. NASHVILLE — On Oct. 4, 1970, the Public Broadcasting Service entered the airwaves with an episode of “The French Chef.” I was not quite 9, too young for Julia Child and too old for “Sesame Street.” PBS became the television constant of my life anyway. Much of the public anxiety about Amy Coney Barrett — judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, Notre Dame law professor and Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court — has focused on the question of abortion, and whether as a believer in originalism and a practicing Catholic she would be likely to vote to reverse Roe v. Wade. As the climate crisis intensifies, U.S. environmental policy has moved dangerously backward, with nearly 70 environmental rules reversed during this administration, and 30 more reversals in process. This intransigent, head-in-the-sand approach will not alter the reality of climate change, nor the risks and opportunities it presents the economy. The private sector understands this. On election night in 2012, Barack Obama trailed Mitt Romney by some 30,000 votes at the moment Mr. Obama was projected to win his re-election bid. By the time the votes were tallied, Mr. Obama had five million more votes than Mr. Romney. Karachi is home. My bustling, chaotic city of about 20 million people on the Arabian Sea is an ethnically and religiously diverse metropolis and the commercial capital of Pakistan, generating more than half of the country’s revenue. Can critics of President Trump learn something from pro-democracy movements in other countries? “If somebody hits you, you’ve got to hit ’em back five times harder than they ever thought possible,” Donald Trump said in a speech outlining his philosophy on business in 2012. “You’ve got to get even. Get even.” We live in an era where everything is shocking and nothing is surprising. Every major item of news over the last week or so — Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s passing, the inevitable Republican hustle to replace her on the eve of an extremely contentious election with the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett and the sectarian clashes over her faith — arrived as a jolt to a fragile, anxious nation. And yet all of it was long in the making — the conflict over Judge Barrett’s religion most of all. President Trump’s promise to name a woman to replace Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who died on Sept. 18 at 87, was cynical and insulting to the millions of women who view the late Supreme Court justice as a feminist icon. Senator John Barrasso, a Wyoming Republican, praised the decision as a “powerful positive statement” to young women, who would embrace the president’s nominee as a “role model.” The message to women is clear: Nothing to see here, ladies! One of you is as good as any other. Ruth Bader Ginsburg became, late in her long and illustrious career, more than just a Supreme Court justice. She was a cultural symbol, a human distillation of an era and a cause, her special celebrity rooted in the way her fight for legal opportunities for women combined with her own extraordinary success in the spheres she opened up. As a jurist Ginsburg was one of the court’s four liberals, important but not singular; as the Notorious R.B.G., she embodied liberal feminism, a history of struggle and achievement condensed into three initials and one life. Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, delights in confirming Republican-nominated jurists. District courts, appeals courts, most especially the Supreme Court — he wants to fill them all. In fact, with his party’s having largely given up on legislating in recent years, this may be what Mr. McConnell regards as his main duty. It is certainly the part at which he excels. “There won’t be a transfer, frankly. There will be a continuation.” That’s President Putin — I’m sorry, I mean President Trump — declining to assure Americans of a peaceful transfer of power after the November election. Does it get any clearer than that? MELBOURNE, Australia — News broke last week that a Chinese company with links to China’s Ministry of State Security has been secretly data-profiling at least 35,000 prominent Australians. In the initial months of the pandemic, remote work seemed full of upsides: more flexibility for employees and an expectation of greater profits, productivity and retention for their employers. But what if the long-studied benefits of remote work look different in a post-pandemic world? In particular, what if employee loyalty and engagement decrease once remote work is no longer an exception but rather the norm? And what if that’s not a bad thing? What if a more disconnected work force leads to changes that could make employees happier and companies more compassionate? President Trump and his Republican followers believe they can ensure victory in November by limiting the number of people who can vote. What’s worse, in recent decisions, Republican-appointed judges seem to have fallen in step with this strategy, more inclined to advance the party’s interests than uphold the Constitution. Living under a president who daily defiles his office and glories in transgressing the norms holding democracy together is numbing and enervating. It’s not emotionally or physiologically possible to maintain appropriate levels of shock and fury indefinitely; eventually exhaustion and cynical despair kick in. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: When Joe Biden debates President Trump on Tuesday, he will have to figure out how to parry with an opponent who habitually lies and doesn’t play by the rules. Lately I’ve found myself thinking about Trofim Lysenko. In school they called him Stutterhead and taunted him with “H-H-H-H-Hey, J-J-J-J-J-Joe B-B-B-B-Biden.” He felt shame and embarrassment and was afraid people would think something was wrong with him. Early on, he learned who the bullies were and plotted his revenge. Toward the beginning of a wise and beautifully stated essay about American partisanship and the response to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s death, the lawyer and political commentator David French wrote, “I have never in my adult life seen such a deep shudder and sense of dread pass through the American political class.” Tiersa McQueen vividly remembers the morning she woke up and found her four children teaching themselves geometry. She discovered them standing at the whiteboard, measuring angles and studying shapes they had traced. Right after I learned that the Department of Justice this week designated New York City an “anarchist jurisdiction,” alongside Portland, Ore., and Seattle, I took a walk around my Brooklyn neighborhood with freshly fearful eyes. There was an older man in a plaid shirt leaning against the fence of a basketball court, eyes closed, face turned up toward the autumn sunlight. Perhaps he was enjoying a moment of solace with nature before winter, when we will surely be driven back indoors by the coronavirus. Or was he gathering strength before smashing up the local Victoria’s Secret and bringing home the lacy loot to his wife, most likely another senior citizen demented by lawlessness? I filed this column late. Very late. I couldn’t find the words — an unsettling experience for a writer. The words I did conjure failed, not because the message was difficult to convey, but rather because the conveyance is maddeningly depressive in repetition. If you’ll bear with me for a moment, I want to talk a little about the Missouri controversy of 1819 to 1821. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Like most app developers, John Botte wants his work to end up on some of the 1.5 billion active iPhones on the market. But when the software engineer did the math on a photo-sharing app he hoped to create for wedding-goers, he decided against it. In the brief window between the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the announcements from Republicans like Mitt Romney and Cory Gardner that they would consider a replacement before the November election, several writers floated a grand bargain, in which Republican and Democratic senators would agree to de-escalate, trading a G.O.P. promise not to confirm a Ginsburg replacement before the election for a Democratic promise not to pack the court if Joe Biden wins. Over the past few decades, whenever a Republican president puts up an important judicial nominee — especially a Catholic one — we go through the same routine. Some Democrat accuses the nominee of imposing her religious views on the law. MADRID — Politicians here seem to be mystified as to why Spain is, once again, the European country hardest hit by the coronavirus pandemic. They have blamed the recklessness of youth, our Latin inability to keep our distance, and even immigration. And yet all this time the answer has been right under their noses: Nothing has eased the spread of the virus as much as their own incompetence. Before Xinjiang, there was Tibet. Repressive policies tested there between 2012 and 2016 were then applied to the Uighurs and other ethnic minorities in northwestern China: entire cities covered in surveillance cameras, ubiquitous neighborhood police stations, residents made to report on one another. On this episode of “Sway,” Kara Swisher speaks to Gavin Newsom, a governor who is, by some measures, running a country. California is the world’s fifth-largest economy. And now, the state has joined the ranks of Britain, Denmark and Germany with an ambitious environmental order banning the sale of new gasoline-powered cars by 2035. Kentucky’s attorney general, Daniel Cameron, announced Wednesday that one police officer would be charged, not in the shooting death of Breonna Taylor, but with endangering her neighbors with reckless gunfire. “If we simply act on emotion or outrage, there is no justice. Mob justice is not justice,” Mr. Cameron said, in an apparent attempt to explain the lack of more serious charges relating to the 26-year-old’s killing. “Justice sought by violence is not justice. It just becomes revenge.” Before the pandemic, I was working on a book about doomsday preppers — people who are actively preparing for the end of the world, or at least major disruptions to our comfortable daily lives. Starting out, my idea of prepping matched the stereotype I’d so often seen: the prepper as a rural, military-minded dude who gathers canned food, guns and ammo, and heads to the hills to wait out the zombie apocalypse. I’ve been asked repeatedly in recent days to explain Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s accomplishment: How did she, a young unknown lawyer, starting basically from scratch, persuade the nine men of the Supreme Court to join her in constructing a new jurisprudence of sex equality? Democrats are counting on Hispanics to help them win the White House on Nov. 3, but they may be in for a surprise. Though I’ve been a conservative most of my life, I didn’t vote for Donald Trump in 2016 and won’t this year either. But I understand why his brand of populism and appeal to religious voters has struck a chord not just with white voters and evangelicals but also with Hispanics, who will likely make up 13 percent of voters in November. As Election Day approached 60 years ago, Catholics across the country followed the news with a nervous thrill of anticipation. For them, the final stage of a long struggle was at hand: An Irish Catholic was poised to become president of the United States, ending the historic Protestant monopoly on the White House — and on mainstream, middle-class respectability. So which Senate Republican do you find most irritating? Lindsey Graham, Mitch McConnell or Mitt Romney? Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s death could not have come at a worse time for the millions of Americans who get their health insurance through the Affordable Care Act. After the 2016 election, I was deeply shaken not just by the outcome, but by the terrifying sense that I did not understand the nation as well as I’d thought I did. To blunt the shock, I went on a bender through American history. I dove into books about the Civil War, the Progressive era and, finally, Robert Caro’s titanic biography of Lyndon B. Johnson, where I washed up on the shores of the turbulent 1960s. In the video Op-Ed above, Svetlana Tikhanovskaya tells the story of her improbable rise from stay-at-home mom to revolutionary icon. She reluctantly became the figurehead of the Belarusian opposition movement after her husband was thrown in jail for daring to challenge Europe’s last dictator. There are at least five reasons Joe Biden’s consistent lead over Donald Trump does not guarantee him a lock on the White House. All Americans should mourn Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She was a pioneer of women’s constitutional rights, a brilliant jurist who transformed our understanding of the 14th Amendment and a close friend to many conservatives, including Justice Antonin Scalia and me. It is now an established fact, confirmed by laboratories in Germany, France and Sweden, that Alexei Navalny was poisoned with Novichok, a nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union. The powerful poison, which has been used in at least one previous assassination attempt against foes of the Russian regime, was this time employed against a domestic opposition leader who operated openly to expose corruption and challenge the Kremlin. It requires a serious response. Whenever I talk about Covid-19 or climate change with skeptics, I use a simple analogy: Imagine that your child is sick with a disease and you decide to take her to 100 different doctors to get multiple opinions — and 99 doctors give you the same diagnosis and prescribed treatment and one tells you that there’s nothing to worry about, that your child’s disease will “disappear … like a miracle, it will disappear.” This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. While foreign policy has barely figured in the presidential campaign, national security is plainly on the ballot. If everything feels chaotic and dangerous, it’s because we face a remarkable convergence of security challenges. If grief could be calculated strictly in the number of lives lost — to war, disease, natural disaster — then this time surely ranks as one of the most sorrowful in United States history. I recently wrote that Mark Zuckerberg is the most powerful unelected man in America. His and Facebook’s efforts to try to combat election-related disinformation on its platform, however comforting, were merely “an admission of a great power that should make Americans uncomfortable,” I said. For the second time in five years, a sitting Supreme Court justice has died, and for the second time in five years, Senator Mitch McConnell has befouled the process to replace that justice with his signature blend of fresh greed and rancid partisanship. A Ruth-less court, answered with ruthlessness. It was almost inevitable that President Trump would get one Supreme Court appointment during this four-year term. It was always possible that he’d get two. HAMBURG, Germany — A Turkish friend told me the other day about his summer travels to his home region in southeastern Anatolia, a particularly poverty-stricken part of Turkey. I first heard about Club Quarantine through the queer grapevine: For three to six hours every night of the week, a queer dance party with people from all over the world was unfolding online over Zoom. My first evening in Club Quarantine, I kept my camera off. I was anxious about having my face broadcast to hundreds of strangers on the internet. But quickly that fear was replaced with awe; I attended the party each evening and increasingly became comfortable with my camera on. Whenever I logged onto Club Quarantine, hundreds of beautiful, brightly lit boxes twinkled at me. The short film above takes you into the virtual club, a peek into strangers’ private worlds. If you were to approve a coronavirus vaccine, would you approve one that you only knew protected people only from the most mild form of Covid-19, or one that would prevent its serious complications? A few years ago, I realized the only fitness idol I needed was a brilliant octogenarian Supreme Court justice fighting her fourth round of cancer on a few hours of sleep and a withering regimen of push-ups and planks. The religious right has made no secret of its expectation that President Trump will choose a socially conservative successor to the seat held by Ruth Bader Ginsburg. And the president will likely deliver, further confirming the power of the religious right. Beyond the obvious — that liberals need some way to respond to President Trump as he moves to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg — what does it mean that mainstream Democrats are considering once unthinkable ideas like adding seats to the court? Four years before this summer of unrest in New York City, I attended the protests after Alton Sterling and Philando Castile were shot and killed by police officers that July. The temperature plummeted Friday night in Washington, along with the mood of many Democrats, as they heard that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had passed away. In the fight to fill her seat, the stakes are enormous and Democrats need a plan — fast. Their options in the weeks ahead are limited, but Republicans face a slim margin for error. Can you sum up the past six months in six words? In a recent Op-Ed, Larry Smith, the creator of the Six Word Memoirs project, observes that times of extremes — “our toughest and most joyous moments” — are often ideal for his brand of succinct storytelling. His collection of pandemic-inspired memoirs, gathered from writers across the country, inspired us to challenge our readers to write theirs too. In a floor speech in July, Senator Josh Hawley, Republican of Missouri, issued an ultimatum on future Supreme Court fights. If you or someone you care about is among the more than 50 million Americans suffering from pre-existing medical conditions, you should be aware that the stakes in this year’s election go beyond abstract things like, say, the survival of American democracy. They’re also personal. If Donald Trump is re-elected, you will lose the protection you’ve had since the Affordable Care Act went into effect almost seven years ago. Dear Senator Romney, [Follow our live coverage of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s commemoration and the Supreme Court vacancy.] Two years ago, the Trump administration withdrew from an international agreement that had lifted most sanctions on Iran in exchange for strict limits on Iran’s nuclear program. President Trump called the accord, which had been painstakingly negotiated by the Obama administration and America’s closest European allies, the “worst deal ever.” He has been trying to kill it ever since. He reimposed economic sanctions and threatened secondary sanctions on European allies that do any business with Iran. The repudiation was so head-spinning that other countries now wonder if American international commitments can be trusted to last beyond the next election. Lurching through his presidency with equal parts venality and incompetence, Donald Trump gives little thought to the chaos he leaves in his wake. Little wonder that his tenure has proved hazardous not only for his adversaries and the hapless masses subject to his feeble leadership, but for his allies and enablers as well. Bret Stephens: Gail, it’s as if someone dared 2020 to get worse, and 2020 replied: “Just try me.” Right now I’m just sitting on my porch, awaiting a plague of locusts. In the inaugural episode of Kara Swisher’s new podcast, “Sway,” she interviews House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. When it comes to presidential succession, Ms. Pelosi is second in line. And when it comes to taking on President Trump, she’s usually first. For months the S&P 500 rose this year — despite a deadly pandemic, the resulting economic devastation and the rise of a Democratic Party increasingly sympathetic to democratic socialism. Then, this month, with Joe Biden doing well in the polls, stock prices finally stumbled. The death of the iconic Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has shocked the political world, altered the contours of the upcoming election and induced an overwhelming dread among liberals who fear some basic rights could now be in jeopardy. Those of us who can’t tolerate the thought of another four years of this administration are extremely grateful to Michael Bloomberg for his commitment to spend at least $100 million, primarily on television and digital ads, to increase voter turnout in Florida. NASHVILLE — Autumn light is the loveliest light there is. Soft, forgiving, it makes all the world an illuminated dream. Dust motes catch fire, and bright specks drift down from the trees and lift up from the stirred soil, floating over lawns and woodland paths and ordinary roofs and parking lots. It’s an unchoreographed aerial dance, a celebration of what happens when light marries earth and sky. Autumn light always makes me think of fiery motes of chalk dust drifting in the expectant hush of an elementary school classroom during story time, just before the bell rings and sets the children free. The 2020 election is underway. Not just the campaign — the actual voting has already begun. States are recruiting and training poll workers, identifying the final list of polling places and early voting locations and mailing out ballots. The pandemic presents a huge challenge, but we can still ensure a safe and accessible vote this November. Here are six ways to make that happen. [Follow our live coverage of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s commemoration and the Supreme Court vacancy.] Imagine a Republican senator uncertain whether to vote for the Supreme Court nominee that President Trump is poised to put forward. He is part of a select group, our senator; perhaps we can even guess how many children and grandchildren he has, how steeply his hair still rises from his brow, how close he once came to being president himself. Since the passing of Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Friday, readers have used the comments sections of Opinion pieces to express not only their grief, but also their anger and fear about what her loss means for the future of the Supreme Court, the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and Democratic ideals in general. “It feels like the end of justice,” wrote M.K. in Germany. Marika H. in Santa Monica, Calif., wrote, “Our already-fragile democracy should have never depended on a single heartbeat.” CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand — Growing up in a Kurdish family in the Ilam Province of Iran, I never expected my life to be affected by Australia’s history of white supremacy and settler colonialism. I had little awareness of Australia, a faraway country founded as a penal colony, and built on the massacres of its Indigenous people and on European migration. It was to be decades before I would hear about the White Australia policy, an official state immigration policy, in effect between 1901 and 1973, barring nonwhite people from immigrating to the country and intent on making Australia a white nation. No sensible person can dispute that Covid-19 is a great tragedy for humanity — a tragedy even in the ancient Greek sense, as defined by Aristotle, with the disastrous ending contingent on some prideful flaw in the protagonist. This time it’s not Oedipus or Agamemnon. This time it’s we who are that cocky protagonist, having brought disaster on ourselves. The scope and the devastation of the pandemic reflect bad luck, yes, and a dangerous world, yes, but also catastrophic failures of human foresight, communal will and leadership. During the increasingly common ecological disasters that visit this country, there inevitably arises the hope that Americans and their elected politicians will learn from the experience, adopt new policies and provide for a less destructive future. We are now in such a period, with two unfolding climate-fueled disasters occurring at once: Savage wildfires in the West that have consumed more than five million acres of forests and scrublands and taken multiple lives in four states, and a Category 2 hurricane that has brought dangerous flooding and widespread damage to the Florida Panhandle. For the last several years I have been disputing overblown claims that political correctness is running amok on college campuses. Given my job as the president of Wesleyan University, well-known to be (happily) a bastion of left-leaning protest, this probably isn’t very surprising. I was prepared for Mitch McConnell’s hypocrisy, but his brazenness left me breathless. He pledged a speedy Senate vote on a Trump-nominated replacement for Ruth Bader Ginsburg less than two hours after news of her death broke. YAMHILL, Ore. — The West has been burning, and one forest fire reached about five miles from the Most Beautiful Farm in the World, where I grew up here in the rolling hills west of Portland. Two years ago at The Atlantic Festival, Senator Lindsey Graham defended the Republican decision to block President Barack Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Merrick Garland. “If an opening comes in the last year of President Trump’s term, and the primary process is started, we’ll wait to the next election,” Graham said. Turnout decides elections. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who died Friday at the age of 87, will forever have two legacies. If, as seems possible, Joe Biden wins the presidency by peeling away older white voters from the Republican coalition, liberals won’t just win the White House; they’ll gain a new generational villain to bemoan. Instead of laments about The Villages and sneers of “OK Boomer,” there will be a realization that the last bastion of conservatism in a leftward-shifting country may soon lie with my own Generation X. President Trump’s plan to severely restrict the popular WeChat and TikTok apps could be viewed as a tit-for-tat for China’s yearslong prohibition of American services like Facebook and Google. But I’d like to think we’re better than that. In his farewell address to the nation, President Dwight Eisenhower issued a warning: “In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.” WASHINGTON — I used to feel pretty optimistic that the country would get through the Trump years intact. It’s fair to assume that Saudi Arabia’s turbulent prince, Mohammed bin Salman, would love to give President Trump an October gift of normalized Saudi relations with Israel. The last thing M.B.S. wants is a Joe Biden victory accompanied by renewed opprobrium over the Saudi murder of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi and a more balanced American approach to Iran. “Now I happen to be the oldest,” Ruth Bader Ginsburg told me in 2015, when she was still 81 and I was asking her about retirement for a piece in this newspaper. “But John Paul Stevens didn’t step down until he was 90.” Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Liberals love to blame Milton Friedman for the misbehavior of American corporations. FRESNO, Calif. — I’ve lived in the middle of California for more than 50 years, which is another way of declaring my share of natural disasters. I’ve seen the land around me dragged through four long droughts, five big floods, a half-dozen earthquakes of 7.0 or higher and three of the 10 deadliest wildfires in U.S. history. For years, Myanmar’s military used Facebook to incite hatred and genocidal violence against the country’s mostly Muslim Rohingya minority group, leading to mass death and displacement. It took until 2018 for Facebook to admit to and apologize for its failure to act. The deadliest month in American history was an October during a pandemic. Adam Barbanel-Fried is the director of Changing the Conversation Together, a group that does something called “deep canvassing” in Pennsylvania, targeting infrequent voters who lean Democratic. Joe Biden needed no reminder from the arrival of Hispanic Heritage Month this week that he should focus on Latinos. While a mere 3 percent of American voters overall have yet to decide on a presidential candidate, according to recent polls from Quinnipiac and Monmouth, 38 percent of registered Hispanic voters in 10 battleground states may be ambivalent about even voting. The pandemic brought on the most quick and severe recession that the United States has ever experienced. The economy shed over 22 million jobs in just two months, and contracted at an annualized rate of 32 percent in the second quarter. We hear often that the November election is the most consequential in our lifetime. But the importance of the election is not just which candidate or which party wins. Voters also face the question of whether the American democratic experiment, one of the boldest political innovations in human history, will survive. Believe it or not — and I know many people will refuse to believe it — right now New York City may be among the best places in America to avoid catching the coronavirus. You’ve probably heard of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, but you may not have heard of Derek Kilmer. Kilmer grew up in a timber region in Washington State that had seen many of its logging jobs disappear. First at Princeton, then getting a Ph.D. at Oxford, he studied how towns recover from deindustrialization. He went back home to help his community recover economically and now represents that community in Congress. In his time as the head of the Justice Department, Attorney General William Barr has alienated many federal prosecutors. The latest appears to be Nora Dannehy, a longtime prosecutor who has resigned from the department, where she was part of a team looking into the Russia investigation. The Food and Drug Administration is about to make the most momentous decision in its history: whether to authorize the early use of a vaccine to protect against the coronavirus without the normal safety and effectiveness protocols. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I am Patient 1133. Last month, Seth Brown, the executive editor of The Biblical Recorder, a Southern Baptist newspaper in Cary, N.C., delivered a stark warning to Christians. He had become increasingly concerned about the posts some of his fellow Southern Baptists were sharing on Facebook. “If you start clicking through, it doesn’t take long to find out some of this is coming from accounts that are QAnon,” Mr. Brown told me, referring to the viral conspiracy theory that claims a cabal of left-wing, satanic pedophiles is secretly plotting a coup against President Trump. This article has been updated to reflect news developments. What a year it has been in New York City. We think of Covid-19 as killing primarily the elderly around the world, but in poor countries it is more cataclysmic than that. Things we would currently be better off without: The normalization of relations between Israel and two Arab states, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, is, on the face of it, a good and beneficial development. The Trump administration deserves credit for brokering it. It has long been an anomaly in Middle Eastern affairs that Arab nations felt compelled to publicly treat Israel as a pariah in their midst, while many of them — including the U.A.E. and Bahrain — pursued all sorts of economic and security links with Israel. This is the fifth in a series of interviews with religious scholars exploring how the major faith traditions deal with death. Today, my conversation is with Brook Ziporyn, the Mircea Eliade professor of Chinese religion, philosophy and comparative thought at the University of Chicago Divinity School. Professor Ziporyn has distinguished himself as a scholar and translator of some of the most complex philosophical texts and concepts of the Chinese religious traditions. He is also the author of several books, including “The Penumbra Unbound: The Neo-Taoist Philosophy of Guo Xiang” and “Zhuangzi: The Complete Writings," as well as two works on Tiantai Buddhism . All previous interviews in this series can be found here. — George Yancy Among the few remaining advantages that Americans can claim over other countries is the relative cleanliness of our air. Air pollution is a leading risk factor for early death; it is linked to an estimated four million premature fatalities around the world annually. But over the last 50 years, since Congress passed environmental legislation in 1970, air quality in the United States has steadily improved. Today, America’s air is significantly cleaner than in much of the rest of the world, including in many of our wealthy, industrialized peers. PARIS — If Joe Biden moves to the White House in January, he will find across the Atlantic a very different landscape from the one he left as vice president. In turn ignored, lectured or brutalized by President Trump, who has enjoyed playing on their divisions, Europeans are now learning to navigate alone in a world ever more dangerous for them, while managing an awkward relationship with America. 2020 has become the year of the hair-trigger election. What does it mean that we now practically elect our Supreme Court justices? It was the worst of times; it was the worst of times. I’m an optimist at heart, but there were days this year when looking on the bright side seemed like the act of a lunatic. Every day I felt the heaviness in my heart. If Joe Biden is going to rebuild the Democrats’ “blue wall” and win states like Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, and claim the White House, he will need to appeal to the working-class Democratic communities that put Donald Trump over the top in 2016. They include more than 200 counties that supported Barack Obama twice before voting for Mr. Trump. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Having covered Arab-Israel diplomacy for more than 40 years, I have to say that the normalization agreements signed Tuesday between Israel and the United Arab Emirates and Israel and Bahrain came about in a most unusual — but incredibly revealing — fashion. The battle of the budget is an annual rite of America’s military spending that is rarely resolved on time. This year, as in nine of the 10 past years, the Pentagon is likely to start its fiscal year on Oct. 1 under a continuing resolution — basically a stopgap measure that keeps funding at roughly existing levels. With about $740 billion in play, the stakes are huge and the competing interests commensurate. Sometimes, when I am feeling particularly ornery, I think that Oracle is like the Kid Rock of tech: Among the least compelling of digital celebrities in Silicon Valley, this 43-year-old business software giant always seems willing to show up at the White House and enthusiastically do whatever the Trump administration wants. On Sunday, Michael Caputo, the assistant secretary for public affairs at the Department of Health and Human Services, warned of left-wing insurrectionists and “sedition” within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention during a video he hosted live on his Facebook page. After predicting victory for President Trump in the upcoming election, Caputo warned that Joe Biden wouldn’t concede. “And when Donald Trump refuses to stand down at the inauguration, the shooting will begin,” he said. “The drills that you’ve seen are nothing.” More than at any time since the 1930s, the administrative state is under constitutional assault. Some judges, lawyers and legal academics are calling into question the very structure of modern government. China “plans to dominate the world’s digital infrastructure,” Attorney General William Barr has declared. A “truly Orwellian surveillance state” is just around the corner, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo argues. In fields from facial recognition to artificial intelligence to 5G telecom technology, it often seems like China has already become the world’s technology superpower. Update: New York City announced another delay for public school reopenings on Thursday.  Donald Trump’s coalition in 2016 was an archaism, a throwback — the last gasp of a fading white America, a last dance with the voting blocs that once delivered Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan their landslides, a resentment-soaked attempt to maintain the power that white Christians once took for granted even as its demographic basis slips away. The Democratic Party’s coalition, on the other hand, looks like the American future — a Californian kaleidoscope of diversity, a multiethnic majority that only voter suppression and the rural bias of the Senate can keep at bay. Dr. Anthony Fauci warned us last week that Covid-19 is likely to be hanging over our lives well into 2021. He’s right, of course. We need to accept this reality and take steps to meet it rather than deny his message. There is still a lot we don’t know about the killing, early this month, of Michael Forest Reinoehl. For years, the Trump administration’s peacemaking efforts in the Middle East have been the object of relentless derision in elite foreign-policy circles, some of it justified. Yet with Friday’s announcement that Bahrain would join the United Arab Emirates as the second Arab state in 30 days to normalize ties with Israel, the administration has done more for regional peace than most of its predecessors, including an Obama administration that tried hard and failed badly. Nobody knows for sure who will win in November. Joe Biden holds the advantage right now, but between the vagaries of the Electoral College and whatever October surprises the Trumpists cook up — you know they’re coming — who knows? Just $15,615. That’s how much a $52 billion meatpacking company was fined by the federal government for unsafe conditions that led to the deaths of eight workers. HOUSTON — Twenty-five years ago, the philosopher Emmanuel Levinas died in Paris. Born in Lithuania and naturalized in France, Levinas had led weekly Torah readings until shortly before his death just shy of his 90th birthday. I often thought about his age this spring as I worked as a volunteer in a nursing home. Not only was Levinas as old as several of the residents who I helped to feed, but he was engaged in an activity — being with others — denied to the residents since the pandemic burst into their lives. In both his person and his principles, Levinas offers a guide for the crises that now threaten nursing homes. In June, as New York City was gripped by protests over the death of George Floyd, the City Council passed legislation banning police officers from using maneuvers that restrict a person’s airflow. Now the Council, cowed by pressure from police unions and officials, is considering rolling back part of this important step toward police accountability. Gail Collins: Bret, I am generally a pretty cheerful person. But I have to say that the news has been really, really depressing lately. At least on the domestic front. This article and the video above have been updated to reflect news developments. Soccer was once the sport of immigrants in a city of immigrants. Now, it’s everyone’s game. The Cosmopolitan Soccer League, one of the oldest continually operating soccer leagues in the country, began life as the German-American Soccer League in 1923. Some of those teams are still around, joined by more than 100 others of all varieties, such as Astoria United, Manhattan Kickers Football Club, Greek-American Atlas Astoria, Williamsburg International and N.Y.P.D. Finest. I have often wondered how major world tragedies and horrors were allowed to unfold. Where were all the good people, those who objected or should have? How did life simply go on with a horror in their midst? NASHVILLE — Nurses always smile at me when they check my blood pressure: Nothing to worry about there. But at a routine appointment recently, I was shocked to get a reading in the hypertension range. It was a temporary state, back to normal an hour later, but the whole episode was worrisome. I have no chronic illnesses. In the absence of any change in diet, weight or exercise, what could possibly account for a red flag like that? It’s hard to overstate the importance of the census to everyday life in the United States. The vast amount of demographic information it gathers determines who gets how much political power in Congress and the states; it steers more than a trillion dollars in federal funding for health care and other critical services; it guides long-term economic decisions by governments, corporations and mom-and-pop stores; it helps determine the location of highways and schools, hospitals and housing, police and fire stations. Last weekend, I wrote a column arguing that the blundering of the Trump administration, while real and deadly, may not be responsible for the bulk of America’s coronavirus fatalities. A few days later, courtesy of Bob Woodward’s omniscient tape recorder, we received a reminder of the president’s culpable failures in the pandemic’s early days — which offered ammunition to readers who found my column to be implausible, pro-Trump special pleading or just obtuse. What would America be like today if President Trump had acted decisively in January to tackle the coronavirus, as soon as he was briefed on the danger? WASHINGTON — During his 2016 bid, Donald Trump would sometimes pause from bashing elites and the media to speak with awe about a phone call he had with a Very Important Journalist. Before the coronavirus pandemic, Britain’s tortuous debate on how to exit the European Union — while maintaining all the perks of membership — was a perennial of global news. The long-running political drama went from one “final” Brexit deadline to the next until, at 11 p.m. Coordinated Universal Time on Jan. 31, 2020, Britain left the union. After two weeks of battling Covid-19 — thank you, dear readers, for all the good wishes — I can report that the droning discomfort has passed, some energy has returned, I can taste again, and, for better or worse, I am recovering my personality from whoever hijacked it. I can also certify that the virus is a devilish addition to life on earth. Do not mess with it. [Follow our live Hurricane Sally updates and our map tracker.] Don’t ask me why, but I’ve spent the past week fact-checking a list of Donald Trump’s accomplishments, as compiled by one of his loyal supporters. OK, if you must know: A friend asked me to because she didn’t believe this list could be true, and she was upset that someone she respected had posted it. This list of President Trump’s accomplishments has been circulating on social media for months and has most likely been viewed by millions of people. I examined each claim to the best of my ability, reaching out to people and institutions who had special insight to see if they considered the claims accurate. The global race is on for a vaccine to combat the coronavirus, but the question is: Who will be included? SYDNEY, Australia — No doubt you have read the recent headlines about patients who recovered from Covid-19 only to be infected with SARS-CoV-2 again later — purportedly by a different “strain” of the virus. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: When I was 12 years old, my cousin was killed. I started having trouble sleeping. President Trump’s taped admission to Bob Woodward that he deliberately misled Americans about the danger of the coronavirus makes him morally culpable in the ensuing tragedy. But Mr. Trump actually forfeited the battle against the pandemic long before it erupted in Wuhan, China, in the first place. His tragic failures are a result of a systematic skepticism — an opportunistic cynicism — whose orienting principle is that everything that benefits Mr. Trump is true and everything that inconveniences him is false. The open road in the Big Empty part of the American West has always been therapeutic. Vacant skies, horizons that stretch to infinity, country without clutter. The soul needs to roam, too. Since 2006, I’ve been challenging people to describe their lives in six words, a form I call the six-word memoir — a personal twist on the legendary six-word story attributed to Ernest Hemingway: “For sale: baby shoes, never worn.” President Trump has become so shameless about subverting the public interest to his political self-interest that Big Pharma — not generally regarded as the most civic-minded of entities — is now scrambling to control the damage. On Dec. 26, 2004, the French author Emmanuel Carrère, his girlfriend and their respective sons were vacationing at a cliff-top hotel in Sri Lanka. Their relationship was dying and, feeling out of sorts, they decided not to go down to the beachfront scuba diving lesson they’d signed up for. It was a consequential decision, for that was the morning the tsunami hit. Recordings, real or rumored, have been a leitmotif of the Trump era. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Most cases in which cars kill pedestrians surely reflect negligence: drivers who were too busy talking on their cellphones or thinking about their golf games to notice the senior citizen crossing the street in front of them. A handful are acts of murder, like when a man killed a woman by plowing his car into counterprotesters at a neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Va. The monthlong crackdown on peaceful protests over a blatantly fixed election in Belarus is an affront to everyone who cherishes democracy and elemental fairness. The question is how to respond. This should be a wake-up call: New data suggest that the United States is one of just a few countries worldwide that is slipping backward. It’s more than 12 years since the Supreme Court cracked open the prison gates at Guantánamo Bay, ruling that the prisoners held there, the living embodiments of the post-9/11 war on terror, had the constitutional right to petition the federal courts for release. Hey, it looks like Donald Trump is running out of money. I’ve spent the spring and summer becoming a verified Lawn Dad: the sort of person who fills their time fine-tuning sprinkler patterns and surveying their handiwork each morning with a cup of coffee in hand. I spent a May afternoon hacking away an ancient juniper, an entire day pruning an unruly lilac. Piles of bark were spread. A patio was redone. An entire deck was sanded and re-stained. SÃO PAULO, Brazil — On Aug. 29, my country crossed the threshold of 120,000 people killed by Covid-19. With around 900 new deaths a day, we’re yet to see a downward trend in the outbreak. I wanted to understand why many Brazilians seem unperturbed by this, so I decided to take a desperate measure: I started watching President Jair Bolsonaro’s weekly live broadcasts on YouTube and Facebook. On Feb. 7, during a taped interview with Bob Woodward, President Trump acknowledged that the coronavirus could be transmitted through the air, that it was very dangerous and that it would be difficult to contain. “This is deadly stuff,” he told the investigative journalist. Of the many disturbing and scandalous stories about Donald Trump in Michael Cohen’s new book, “Disloyal: A Memoir,” one in particular sticks out to me. It is a continuation of centuries of white supremacist thought that has handicapped Black people and Black leadership. Rick Ainey lives on the northern tier of Pennsylvania, near the New York border in a region known as the Endless Mountains. The area is scenic, deeply rural and so reliably Republican that the last time it has given a majority of its votes to a Democratic presidential candidate was in 1964, when Lyndon Johnson crushed Barry Goldwater just about everywhere. The time before that was 1852, when the two major parties were the Democrats and the Whigs. On Aug. 22, I attended a “Freedom for the Children” rally in London, one of hundreds around the world organized by believers in the complicated conspiracy theory known as QAnon. Looking around, it was impossible not to notice a fact that at first glance surprised me: The rally was composed mostly of women, many with young children. HONG KONG — The other day, craving a bowl of fish ball noodle soup, I went to eat lunch at On Lee, a famous 54-year-old hole-in-the-wall on Hong Kong Island. I hadn’t been there since the start of the pandemic. When the pandemic hit America’s restaurants, it was as if an anvil dropped — on a bubble. The coronavirus is the gift that keeps on giving. If you’ve never experienced a fire season before, it’s hard to explain the emotional, physical and sensory effects of having the world immolate before your eyes. Last week, Nate Silver, the polling analyst, tweeted a chart illustrating the chances that Joe Biden would become president if he wins the most votes in November. Bolivia is moving ever closer to the edge of a military regime. At every turn since Evo Morales was ousted last November, the interim president, Jeanine Añez, has decided to take an authoritarian stance rather than a conciliatory tone, most recently against demonstrators demanding elections who blocked the country’s main cities. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Everyone born in Britain between Sept. 1, 2002, and Jan. 2, 2011, received a baby present from the government: a savings account that could not be tapped until the child turned 18, with an initial balance of between 250 and 1,000 pounds, depending on the family’s income. The spy was recruiting for his secret task force. Scattered about the Beltway in grim brick and glass monoliths was a small army of gung-ho companies hoping to turn their patriotic ardor, technological inventiveness and commercial know-how into moneymaking national security contracts. Labor Day hit with an extra knife-twist of cruel irony this year, in an America that is barely trying to pretend anymore that the plight of tens of millions of working people merits national concern. About four years ago, without asking anybody, I changed my job description. It used to be “New York Times foreign affairs columnist.” Instead, I started calling myself the “New York Times humiliation and dignity columnist.” I even included it on my business card. LOS ANGELES — In late August, Los Angeles sheriff’s deputies shot a Black man, Dijon Kizzee, whom they had stopped for a suspected traffic violation as he rode his bicycle. He became the seventh man killed by deputies in Los Angeles since the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis on Memorial Day weekend. On Feb. 20, Time magazine asked Henry Louis Gates Jr, the director of the Hutchins Center for African and African-American Research at Harvard, about America’s “missed opportunities for racial equality.” Election night, by now, has a well-established run of show: the state-by-state results, the declaration of a winner, the concession speech, and finally the president-elect’s moment. NEW DELHI — The rise of right-wing populist leaders in several countries has brought immense attention to the use of executive power, in popular debate and among constitutional scholars across presidential and parliamentary systems. Along with the rise of executive power, there has been a corresponding but less studied phenomenon: the decline in judicial power. After Joe Biden announced that he had selected Senator Kamala Harris as his running mate, Bernie Sanders praised her in an interview on MSNBC: “I will tell you that Kamala is very smart, very aggressive,” he said. And then he delivered the inevitable, racialized compliment that makes many African-Americans cringe: “very articulate.” [Follow our live Hurricane Sally updates and our map tracker.] LIBERIA, Costa Rica — I hated the family farm as a kid. In his speech last week in Pittsburgh, Joe Biden pushed back against Donald Trump’s mischaracterization of him as soft on crime and beholden to progressives intent on defunding or abolishing police departments. He pledged to work with mayors and governors to tamp down violence. He also vowed to make progress on police reform, invoking the names of Breonna Taylor, George Floyd and Jacob Blake, and the cause of racial justice for which they have come to stand. In the Op-Doc above, we enter the world of an older man living by himself in a small city in Switzerland. Only he’s not alone — he has his two Scottish Fold cats, Marmelade and Katyusha. The cats accompany him everywhere: to the bar, to the grocery store, to the ski slopes. As we watch their relationship unfold, the trio builds a world that’s exclusively and intimately theirs alone — a reminder that families are whatever we make them out to be. All that defines them is love. Isabel Castañeda’s first words were in Spanish. She spends every summer with relatives in Mexico. She speaks Spanish with her family at home. When her school, Westminster High in Colorado, closed for the pandemic in March, her Spanish literature class had just finished analyzing an entire novel in translation, Albert Camus’s “The Plague.” She got a 5 out of 5 on her Advanced Placement Spanish exam last year, following two straight years of A+ grades in Spanish class. This past weekend, in yet another political attack aimed at a woman with power, President Trump rage-tweeted at Laurene Powell Jobs. By the mid-1970s, she was a national celebrity. She had speaking engagements all over the country; she traveled 100,000 miles annually, giving at least 200 talks a year. She was all over the TV: “The Phil Donahue Show,” the “Today” show and “The Tonight Show” with Johnny Carson, multiple times. Media monikers for her included “ball of fire,” “dynamo” and the now-problematic “feisty.” In 1978, the World Almanac named her one of the 25 most influential women in the United States. Shortly before she died in 1995, ABC News profiled her as its “Person of the Week.” HAIFA, Israel — Last week, an Israeli airliner made its way from Israel to the United Arab Emirates in what was regarded a historical journey. The first ever such flight, the direct flight was the outcome of a deal made last month between the two countries. VIENNA — For an East European of my generation, watching the current protests in Belarus is like going through an old photo album. The scenes of striking workers call forth the shipyards of Gdansk, Poland, and the Solidarity movement of the 1980s. Moscow’s dilemma whether to offer President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko’s regime “friendly” support reminds me of Czechoslovakia in 1968, when Soviet troops entered the Czech capital to scotch the popular Prague Spring. And the West’s striking incapacity to support civil society in Belarus screams of 1989 — though not in Eastern Europe but in China. The question of the moment is whether Mr. Lukashenko will repeat the tragedy of Tiananmen. AMHERST, Mass. — It has been a tough summer for Venezuela. The already ailing country, in the throes of a severe lockdown, is also experiencing a major environmental disaster. In July, a state-owned refinery began to spill oil into the Morrocoy National Park, one of the country’s most biodiverse areas. Venezuela also experienced a new political crisis. The government essentially voided several opposition parties by taking control of their executive boards. “Can independently mute and unmute himself when requested to do so.” That’s praise we never expected to see a year ago on our son’s kindergarten report card. We’re so proud. Are you better off now than you were in July? New York is facing the nightmare scenario that its political leaders have feared since the 1970s, when the city nearly went bankrupt. It is staring down a budget hole of more than $5 billion, along with hard questions about how to fill it. NASHVILLE — At first they circle high in the evening sky. But as night descends, they, too, begin to descend, bird by bird, one at a time, and then all in a rush: 150,000 purple martins swirling together, each bird calling to the others in the failing light as they sweep past the tops of buildings in the heart of downtown Nashville. To anyone watching from the ground, they look like one great airborne beast, one unmistakable, singular mind. In sports arenas around the world, taking a knee is no longer taboo — it’s trending. But there’s at least one place where protesting is still not allowed. Joe Biden tells us he is intent on winning in November “for the workers who keep this country going, not just the privileged few at the top.” In September 1952, Dwight D. Eisenhower spoke to a convention of labor leaders and told them that before joining the Army, he took a job at a dairy plant where “I worked 84 hours a week on the night shift from 6 to 6, seven nights a week.” Recognizing how extreme that was, Eisenhower said, in a nod to labor, “In the years since, unions, cooperating with employers, have vastly improved the lot of working men and women.” As colleges throughout the United States reopen, facing a weird new landscape of empty rooms and scattered classmates, it’s easy to wonder what these traditional places of learning still have to teach the rest of us. Long before the pandemic, campuses were in the news not so much for opening young minds as for closing down discussions and less for encouraging humanity than for promoting ideologies. LAS VEGAS — After I tested positive for Covid-19, I ordered panang curry. When the food arrived, I lifted the plastic lid, expecting the scent of makrut lime, lemongrass and ginger. But there was nothing. I plucked a forkful of tofu from the sauce. It was flavorless. Jose Velasquez, a 79-year-old father from Bexar County, Texas, tested positive for the coronavirus on March 26 and died on April 17. During those weeks, the staff at the nursing home where he lived assured his family that he showed no symptoms of Covid-19 and, according to a lawsuit filed by his children, failed to ensure that he received proper medical care. The staff did not transfer him to a hospital as he deteriorated or even warn his family that he was sick, according to the suit. Mr. Velasquez’s family says that just hours before he died, the staff at the home reported he was “doing fine.” Four years ago as a candidate, President Trump made more than 280 campaign promises. Let’s see how he did: In the context of a pandemic that has killed about 190,000 Americans and economically devastated many millions more, getting into the college of your dreams is a boutique concern. But for many teenagers who have organized their school years around that goal, it’s everything. All of the fears I nurtured in 2016 about Donald Trump’s unfitness for the presidency, and the dangers of putting him in the White House for the sake of judicial appointments or tax cuts or any other policy goal, have seemingly been vindicated so far in 2020. Combine Trump’s conduct throughout the Covid-19 pandemic — the month of denial, the veering messaging and policy, the rage-tweeting, the shrugging surrender to a summer spike — with the growing toll of American dead, and you have the strongest case for NeverTrumpism, distilled: Never mind his policy positions, never mind the perils of liberalism; the risk of a once-in-a-century catastrophe with this guy in charge is just too high. In 2012, in the face of quiet resistance from the Obama administration, Congress passed the Magnitsky Act, named for a Russian lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky, who was left to die in a Moscow prison in 2009 for blowing the whistle on a $230 million scam perpetrated by government officials. “Let’s read,” I told the students in my writing class, trying to invoke the authority of my own high-school literature teacher. I was hoping they would unzip their backpacks, pull out the books and start reading. I had become a visiting teacher at a university in Karachi, Pakistan, a couple of years before the pandemic, and I was struggling. It felt nice to be called a professor, but I was reluctant to call my students, “my students.” PARIS — While many Americans were cooped up at home or learning to love camping, in France (and many other places in Europe) we had an almost normal summer. I struggled for the words to comfort Jordan, my 14-year-old son. I was in Brooklyn on a Zoom meeting in mid-March, when I saw my mom’s name come up on my cellphone. “Your dad’s not feeling well,” she said. Here in California, those of us lucky enough to escape the wildfires are battling smoke. We can’t always see our enemy, but we can smell it. For a while, the whole Bay Area reeked of rotting plants; experts suggested that a source was succulents burning along the Santa Cruz coastline. Some nights, there’s a rich, woodsy scent that reminds me of sitting on the beach around a campfire. But in the morning, the odor is more like stale cigarette butts. As I write this, the stench is of burning rubber and plastic. PARIS When my daughter started remote kindergarten last month, the schedule sent to parents included more than reading, math, art and other traditional subjects. She’ll also have sessions devoted to “social and emotional learning.” Themes range from listening skills and reading nonverbal cues to how to spot and defuse bullying. Senator Ed Markey, the Massachusetts Democrat who recently warded off a primary challenge from a Kennedy scion, probably saved his career by authoring the Green New Deal resolution with Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York last year. LAGOS, Nigeria — In May, hundreds of thousands of people around the world became familiar with the slight smile of a young student named Uwa Omozuwa. She was studying in a church, working toward a degree in microbiology, when she was violently raped. Within days, she had died from the brutal injuries inflicted by her attacker. Conspiratorial thinking is an elemental part of American political life, one that stretches back to before the founding of the United States. MIAMI — Every four years, without fail, the two mainstream political parties try to win over Latino voters for their respective presidential candidates. The reason is clear: There is no route to the White House without the support of Latinos. SAN FRANCISCO — I love to drive. Before Uber, I was a car service owner-operator for 10 years and got a thrill out of meeting new people while making my way around San Francisco, a place I’ve called home for over 30 years. I drove my black Mercedes sedan full-time five to six days a week, and counted myself lucky. When my wife died in 2011, I stopped, taking time to grieve. Right under the nose of a president who promised to drain the swamp, one of the government’s shadiest handouts to large banks and big companies looks like it will be renewed for another 25 years. It will not get adequate oversight and congressional review. All it will take is the approval of two out of three U.S. Export-Import Bank directors, who are political appointees. I’m going to be honest: I didn’t know what I was doing. On the evening of Nov. 3, Americans settle nervously in front of their screens to await elections results. In the early hours Donald Trump seems to be having an excellent night. Counting the votes cast at polling places, Trump is winning Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. As Americans grapple with problems of racism and power, a newly declassified trove of White House tapes provides startling evidence of the bigotry voiced by President Richard M. Nixon and Henry Kissinger, his national security adviser. On Thursday, Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, announced the company’s “New Steps to Protect the U.S. Elections.” They include blocking new political ads in the week leading up to Election Day and attaching labels to posts containing misinformation, specifically related to the coronavirus and posts from politicians declaring victory before all the results are counted. On Thursday morning I walked across much of Manhattan and back again. (Why are all the doctors’ offices on the East Side?) It was a beautiful day, and the city looked cheerful: Shops were open, people were drinking coffee in the sidewalk seating areas that have proliferated during the pandemic, Central Park was full of joggers and cyclists. It is disturbing enough that American democracy is being threatened by disinformation, the proliferation of which is facilitated by the shadier side of modern technology — phony websites, social-media bots, manipulated video and audio, digitally fabricated “deepfakes.” How painful to be reminded that among the bad actors spreading such chaos and division are prominent elected officials sworn to serve the public. My wife, Helen, and I got into a quarrel the other day about how to plan for America’s bleak future. Our family needs to replace an aging car, but I’ve been hesitant, wary of making any new financial commitments as the nation accelerates into the teeth of political chaos or cataclysm. What if, after the election, we need to make a run for it? Why squander spare cash on a new car? It’s finally the end for Lord & Taylor. After limping along since its Fifth Avenue flagship closed in 2019, the nearly 200-year-old department store chain announced last week that it will close all its locations. The store meant different things to different people: jobs for its workers, dignified clothing for those who passed through its doors to get a special item, glamour for those who bought luxuries there and elitism for those who couldn’t afford it. As the coronavirus pandemic — and Congress’s undersize response — wreaks havoc throughout the economy, tax receipts are cratering. This means that state and local governments are facing enormous revenue shortfalls at the exact time they are dealing with large additional demands. So far, states and localities have responded by slashing spending and jobs, with 1.5 million public-sector workers laid off by the end of June. Donald Trump is the oldest person ever elected president. If Joe Biden wins in November he will break Trump’s record. MADRID — Soccer, beaches, bullfights and discos. Spain’s priorities for reopening its economy after months of confinement read like a declaration of the government’s vision for the country. Just days before the school year begins, our politicians have finally decided to tackle what they seem to consider least urgent: the education of millions of students. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: As states rush to adapt their election systems amid the coronavirus pandemic, officials estimate that 80 million Americans plan to vote by mail this fall, twice as many as in 2016. Because of Postmaster General Louis DeJoy’s decision to remove or cripple key components of America’s mail system just weeks before Election Day and President Trump’s open efforts to discredit mail-in voting, millions are worried their ballots won’t be counted in time, or even counted at all. What makes Burning Man so special to those who attend — the cliché among the faithful is “life-changing” — is an intense experience of self-awareness. It was early April and I was working an overnight shift in the intensive care unit when I found myself faced with a decision. My patient, a relatively young man with severe Covid-19 and respiratory failure, was spiking high fevers, his blood pressure dropping. While President Trump has insisted that schools physically reopen, the private school his son Barron is attending is sticking with remote learning. The president was showing his successor around the White House when suddenly he burst into tears. “I’m a one-termer!” George H.W. Bush sobbed. “I’m a Jimmy Carter!” Last week, news arrived that President Trump had lurched into what may be his most reckless obsession yet: His administration would probably seek an “emergency use authorization” for a Covid-19 vaccine long before some scientists believe it would be safe to do so. The abrupt departure of a strong and long-serving leader is always a time of both anxiety and hope. The comforts of stability and familiarity are shaken, but there is the potential to right wrongs and breathe new life into the nation. Shinzo Abe’s unexpected announcement on Friday that he was stepping down after two stints as Japan’s prime minister, totaling eight and a half years, is just such a moment. Joe Biden has a secret weapon in his bid for the presidency: He is the first Democratic nominee in 36 years without a degree from an Ivy League university. The last time New York City faced a cataclysmic economic threat, city leaders responded by cutting the social safety net and infrastructure investment, laying off thousands of workers and turning over public land to developers who got big tax breaks. The story about Latinos in America is an old one. And it isn’t true. Created generations ago by whites to demonize Mexicans and then Puerto Ricans, the racist caricature of Latinos as a menacing foreign monolith persists, even as two-thirds of us were born here and we come from more than 20 different countries. Imagine living in a country where, six months into a pandemic, you aren’t totally confused. You know exactly where and when to get tested. Your child’s school has been clear and transparent about its reopening plan. On the whole, you trust your government to make the right decisions. There’s one thing about the people on the Trump team that I almost admire: When they do blurt out the truth, they really tell you the truth — in a way that’s so raw you’re left asking, “Did they really say that out loud?” For my mother, it began in the department store where she works, processing clothes freshly removed from warehouse boxes and hanging them on racks to be sold on the floor. It was March, and one of the store managers and a few co-workers were chatting near her. The subject: the latest coronavirus news. When my mother, an immigrant from China, joined in with what she had heard that morning, the manager looked her in the eye and coldly responded, “Well, you would know better than any of us.” Republicans and Democrats disagree about many foreign policy issues, but not about the perception that the United States risks losing out to China. As chief executive of North America’s largest transportation system, and as president of the country’s biggest transit workers’ union, we have had our fair share of disputes. But we agree on this: The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is facing a five-alarm-fire — and the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate seems content to sit back and do nothing while it burns. I led the planning team for the Black National Convention on Friday, and in the lead-up I was constantly asked for a list of familiar faces. People also pestered me with questions like: “Who is this against?” “What does the Democratic Party think about this?” “How much will you talk about Donald Trump?” People are often uncomfortable that the Movement for Black Lives, an umbrella organization of 150 Black-led groups, doesn’t answer to one leader, nor is it fighting for a single issue or type of person. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Desperate to salvage his presidency, Donald Trump is inciting racial violence by encouraging armed vigilantes to confront protesters angry over the killing and maiming of unarmed Black people by the police. The president is stoking civil conflict to distract voters from his failed leadership and strengthen his electoral prospects. WARSAW — It is easy to admire the courage and determination of the Belarusian people, but the free world shouldn’t expect too much from the protests that recently filled Belarus’s streets in anger at the latest of many fixed elections. If this movement follows the path that Poland, Belarus’s next-door neighbor, took some 40 years ago, the free world is seeing just the first steps on a long, bumpy road toward democracy. Using its authority to approve treatments for emergency use, the Food and Drug Administration recently allowed convalescent plasma for hospitalized Covid-19 patients. But because the large 35,000-person study on the treatment lacked true randomization and placebos, we don’t really know if antibody-rich plasma actually improves mortality. John Ratcliffe, the newly confirmed director of national intelligence, sent letters to congressional leaders on Friday, stating that his office would no longer conduct most oral intelligence briefings on issues related to election security; instead there would be written updates. When Elizabeth Neumann went to work in counterterrorism in Donald Trump’s Department of Homeland Security, she thought she’d be focused on Islamic extremism, as she was in George W. Bush’s administration. But as the assistant secretary for counterterrorism and threat prevention at D.H.S., she soon realized that she had to take the threat of white-supremacist terrorism seriously. As the school year begins amid a pandemic, many are concerned about the negative impact that virtual or socially distanced learning may have on children’s developing social skills. On Thursday, as Donald Trump was about to accept the Republican nomination from the South Lawn of the White House with warnings that “No one will be safe in Biden’s America,” National Public Radio was doing its small part to make sure the president would be re-elected. I want to make a prediction about the election in November. The logic offered by the director of national intelligence for restricting in-person briefings for Congress on foreign meddling in the election campaign doesn’t pass the smell test. For the most part, America under Donald Trump’s leadership has offered an object lesson in how not to handle a pandemic. Delay and denial deprived us of any chance of containing the coronavirus’s early spread; impatience and further denial led to a huge second wave of infections. We were startled and dismayed last week to learn that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in a perplexing series of statements, had altered its testing guidelines to reduce the testing of asymptomatic people for the coronavirus. One of my sons noticed it before the rest of us did: a hawk perched on the edge of the birdbath mounted to our deck rail, only a few feet from the back door. One great yellow claw gripped the edge of the shallow bowl; the other claw was curled up and tucked into the bird’s breast feathers as though for sleep. It was the middle of a bright Sunday afternoon, but the hawk had settled in for a stay. Its coloring — the brown streaking, the pale eyes — indicated a young Cooper’s hawk, not long out of the nest. Bret Stephens: Hi, Gail. I’m dying to hear your take on the Republican convention. Mine in a nutshell: Joe Biden had better watch out. They’re out on the streets again. Republicans gathered last week for their election pitch, but the convention did not settle a rancorous debate among activists and thinkers about what it means to be conservatives and where they fit in the political world today. The use of white fear and white victimhood as potent political weapons is as old as the country itself. Donald Trump is just the latest practitioner of this trade. LOMBARD, ILL. — When my family and I watched the Republican National Convention last week, we saw six former hostages meeting with President Trump, who boasted of his success at bringing them home. As if there wasn’t enough trouble around the world, two NATO allies, Greece and Turkey, have lit up a new and dangerous crisis, dragging in countries near and far. In this game of thrones, only Germany seems to have the sway to mediate a return to sanity. TOKYO — Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s announcement on Friday that he would resign because of poor health was a rather abrupt end for a supposedly strong leader. Mr. Abe has ruled Japan, most recently, for a record seven years and eight months: He is the country’s longest-serving prime minister. A year and a half ago, Jhon Loaiza and his wife, Sugey Bedoya, moved with their three daughters — now 12, 5 and 3 — from a two-bedroom apartment in New York City to a compact brick ranch house in San Antonio. They loved that house — its fenced-in backyard and four whole bedrooms, each with soft tan carpet — and their new city. They would walk by the river with ice cream or ride bikes after Sunday church. At night, Mr. Loaiza would put on salsa or reggaeton, twirling his girls around the living room and laughing. His broad smile forced his dimples to crease in. For more than six months now, many workers deemed essential have had to strap on face masks for shifts at meatpacking plants, Walmarts, grocery stores, hardware stores and restaurants. It is a necessary sacrifice for the nation’s well-being. But at universities across the country, while scores of professors, staff and students start the academic year remotely to curb the spread of the coronavirus, another class of worker will be asked to strap on protective gear to do their job — without the face coverings: college football players. Even as President Trump accepted the Republican presidential nomination on the White House lawn, lawbreakers rampaged through the capital. This year’s conventions were not typical ones for photographers to shoot. Absent the massive crowds, bustling auditoriums and balloon fanfare of conventions past, they were left staring at candidates through a screen. WASHINGTON — As long as the Trumps were hijacking the White House for their convention finale, they may as well have built a golden escalator from the Truman Balcony to the South Lawn. Over the past week, the Republican National Convention sought to conjure a “radical left” hellscape. [Follow our live Hurricane Sally updates and our map tracker.] The faces flicker across our screens, making a pitch in speech and song to voters who may or may not be listening. To document the national political conventions in this pandemic year, Damon Winter went into ordinary people’s homes in upstate New York and projected images from the live broadcasts across bedrooms, living rooms, kitchens, basements — wherever the residents typically watch or listen to the news. The photographs he took of these projections capture the strangeness of this year’s conventions, and how dramatically they differed from the events in a typical year. The news came from a colleague — not a doctor but someone who works in the emergency room and has seen firsthand the devastation caused by the pandemic. “There is a cure for Covid-19,” he said. “It must be true because a doctor friend shared a Facebook post about this cure.” In June, as the National Basketball Association prepared to restart its season amid the twin crises of the pandemic and the nationwide protests against racial injustice, the general manager of one team told the sportswriter Sam Amick, “You know and I know why we are playing — for the money.” PARIS — Henry Kissinger this month called François Delattre, the former French ambassador to the United States who is now the secretary general of the Foreign Ministry. Kissinger was concerned about the deteriorating state of U.S.-Chinese relations and the risk that the situation could slip out of control. An hour after sunset on Easter Sunday in 1873, a stern-wheel riverboat put ashore at Colfax, La., a ramshackle settlement surrounded by cotton plantations on the east bank of the Red River. Rain was falling. As passengers disembarked, they found themselves stumbling in the dark over what turned out to be the lifeless bodies of African-Americans who had been freed from slavery eight years earlier at the conclusion of the Civil War. I’m so relieved that the pandemic is over! I’d somehow missed that news, but then I watched the Republican National Convention, culminating in President Trump’s big speech, and learned that with his swift, muscular action, he’d pretty much vanquished the “China virus.” I learned that the economic toll of it was fast receding and would be a blurry memory soon. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the last night of the Republican National Convention. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rank the evening on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means the night was a disaster for Republicans; 10 means it could lead to a big polling bump for the Trump-Pence ticket. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the event, which featured Ivanka Trump and President Trump himself. My daughter argues that as long as she’s seeing all of her friends together in school, they should be able to gather together in their houses as well. Unfortunately, she has risk exactly backward. She’s not alone; lots of Americans do. Much like the Trump presidency, the Trump nominating convention was a pageant of scaremongering, ego-stroking, revisionism, jingoism and dishonesty. Even veteran political watchers marveled at the next-level chicanery. Jack Gallant never set out to create a mind-reading machine. His focus was more prosaic. A computational neuroscientist at the University of California, Berkeley, Dr. Gallant worked for years to improve our understanding of how brains encode information — what regions become active, for example, when a person sees a plane or an apple or a dog — and how that activity represents the object being viewed. Hey, tech bro, can you spare a blank check? The most revealing thing to happen in conservative politics this week did not involve the Republican National Convention, at least not directly. Instead, it took place in Kenosha, Wis., in the aftermath of a shooting on Tuesday night that killed two people and wounded a third. The alt-reality show on the screen this week, a Republican National Convention without platform or ideas, mixed Dear Leader adoration with primal fear jabs aimed at the weary American voter. And it may work. On Wednesday, Vice President Mike Pence peddled an extraordinary fantasy about Donald Trump’s handling of the coronavirus. Pence’s tale of heroic, decisive leadership was so completely at odds with reality that pretty much the only words he spoke that weren’t lies were “a,” “and,” and “the.” I’ve been thinking about the two families we’ve encountered over the past two weeks. The Biden family is emotionally open, rendered vulnerable by tragedy and driven by a powerful desire to connect. The Trump family is emotionally closed, isolated by enmity and driven by a powerful desire to dominate. This article is part of the Opinion Today free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every weekday. Arizona has long been a testing ground for anti-immigrant laws and talk, but the state has seen a political shift. Analysts suggests that demographic changes, including a growing number of transplants from more liberal states and Latino voters, are responsible for the shift. This is partially true, but the origins of Arizona’s evolution into a pivotal battleground state can be attributed to a longer history and a broader cast of characters. For Americans living through the recent months of crisis, some of the latest economic data may come as a surprise. Gross Domestic Product (G.D.P.) over the past six months remained far above what we could have achieved even a decade ago. Investors have driven key stock indexes back above their February peaks. But rarely have such economic indicators been so entirely beside the point. Seriously: Who cares? This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. This is not a column about a case that’s pending at the Supreme Court — yet. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for Night 3 of the Republican National Convention. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rank the evening on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means the night was a disaster for Republicans; 10 means it could lead to a big polling bump for the Trump-Pence ticket. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the event, which featured Richard Grenell, Lara Trump, Kellyanne Conway and Vice President Mike Pence. BERKELEY, Calif. — Every other week for the past 18 years, my wife and I have made a five-hour round-trip drive between here and Mendocino County. She has a health care practice in both places, so our rural home isn’t a retreat; nonetheless, like others who had the option, when the pandemic kicked in we opted for the country, where social distance is axiomatic and anxiety less likely. When I was a student at Liberty University, from 2012 to 2016, I had to take two semesters of a “Christian worldview” class. It consisted essentially of bullet-point lists of ethical issues, with quizzes to make sure we knew the right answers: How did we feel about abortion? What about gay marriage? We were required to take two Bible classes and two theology classes, which included plenty of information about sexual ethics and basic Christian beliefs about caring for the poor and marginalized. So far the Republican National Convention isn’t so much presenting a record of America and an administration as it is inventing one. The world of coronavirus testing is complicated and confusing. There are lab tests and home tests, spit tests, swab tests and blood tests. But there are still, somehow, not enough tests. On Monday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revised guidelines for who should get tested. But those revisions did little to resolve the thorny questions many people are grappling with. There is something profoundly skewed in America’s foreign relations when senators threaten “crushing legal and economic sanctions” against a port city of a close European ally. What a relief!  By now, you have probably seen the news that Aleksei Navalny, another leading critic of Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin, appears to have been poisoned. It must seem so horrible, but also, perhaps like the kind of thing that does happen “over there,” in Russia, in Belarus, in authoritarian states. It’s possible you failed to notice, but the Republican convention has a theme for each night. The list sounds a little like a Lord-of-the-Rings theme park: Land of Promise, Land of Opportunity, Land of Heroes and Land of Greatness. It was the summer of 2018, and I was 17. My mom’s Volkswagen Passat shook to the riffs of Kierra Sheard as she looked for a place to park, and I shook along with it, nervously. I was about to embark on an intense weeklong social experiment. Across much of California in the last two weeks, many of my friends and neighbors have faced a dead-end choice: Is it safer to conduct your life outdoors and avoid the coronavirus, or should you rush inside, the better to escape the choking heat, toxic smoke and raining ash? Conventions lie. Or at least they tell extravagant fibs. That’s how they transform their nominees from mere mortals to near messiahs. That’s how they whip up the faithful and woo the agnostics. Six months after the coronavirus began surging across the United States, closing down cities, businesses and schools, it is still ravaging American communities.  The death toll has risen past 175,000. Hospitals are increasingly overwhelmed. So far, the federal government has abdicated responsibility, so Americans should look to one organization that has shown it can have a significant impact on saving lives: the U.S. military. A kind of infinite scroll spills across your mobile or desktop screen: small-print black text against a white background, punctuated by the occasional red heart emoji. At first, it looks like a long Excel spreadsheet, then a bit like a war memorial. Last week, on Aug. 18, we celebrated the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which gave American women the constitutional right to vote. On Wednesday, we are marking the day when the amendment officially entered the Constitution. We pay little attention to what happened during that curious, chaotic week in between. Why the delay? Ahead of her speech at the Republican National Convention on Tuesday evening, Abby Johnson, the former Planned Parenthood clinic director turned prominent anti-abortion activist, said she hoped to deliver “the most provocative, impassioned, memorable” anti-abortion speech in history. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for Night 2 of the Republican National Convention. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rank the evening on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means the night was a disaster for Republicans; 10 means it could lead to a big polling bump for the Trump-Pence ticket. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the event, which highlighted Eric Trump, Tiffany Trump, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Melania Trump. The center-right political coalition in America — the Republican Party as it stands today — can be described as holding two overarching goals: First, deregulation and reductions in corporate and other tax liabilities — each clearly stated on the White House website — and second, but packing a bigger punch, the preservation of the status quo by stemming the erosion of the privileged status of white Christian America. On Monday night, Dr. Stephen Hahn, the commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, addressed inaccurate and misleading remarks he made in a news conference the previous evening. Dr. Hahn had initially claimed that plasma from recovered Covid-19 patients — what’s known as convalescent plasma — could save 35 out of every 100 people who contract the disease. If Joe Biden is elected president, his top foreign policy challenge will be China — but not the China that he dealt with under Barack Obama. It will be a much more aggressive China, a China looking to supplant American technology dominance, smother democracy in Hong Kong and cybersteal your personal data. Pushing back on that China, without blowing up the global trading system, will require reversing one of Donald Trump’s biggest mistakes — his failure to build a partnership with Germany to counter Beijing. WASHINGTON — When Joe Biden was nominated as the Democratic Party’s presidential candidate last week, he committed not only to rebuilding America, but also to “build it back better.” His campaign is selling a promise: Soon President Trump will be gone and the United States can return to the normalcy of pre-Trump life, slightly improved. This is as true of foreign policy as of anything else. College football is a mess. It has been a mess for a century, with reams of proposed reform in the wasteland of forgotten file cabinets. I was part of the reform movement for a while, writing that college football should be banned because it has nothing to do with academics. It doesn’t. But it is interwoven into the social fabric of colleges and universities. The games are pomp and pageantry and incredible athleticism and tribal fan lunacy. So I eventually gave up on any meaningful change in the sport. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. In 1975, the future president Ronald Reagan said, “I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism.” Which part of the criminal justice system has most resisted change? Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for Night 1 of the Republican National Convention. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rank the evening on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means the night was a disaster for Republicans; 10 means it could lead to a big polling bump for Trump-Pence. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the event, which highlighted Kimberly Guilfoyle, Nikki Haley, Donald Trump Jr., Tim Scott and President Trump himself. Republicans chose not to produce a platform for their convention, no statement of values or declaration of principle. Instead, the party has approved a resolution to “enthusiastically support” President Trump’s “America-first agenda,” whatever that may be. And while the White House has produced a bullet-point outline of its second-term agenda, this week’s convention itself has little content planned other than cultural grievance and worshipful praise for the president. As one veteran congressional aide told Politico, the only thing Republicans believe now is “Owning the libs and pissing off the media.” President Trump has flirted with the convoluted QAnon conspiracy theory for months. Last week, he gave a full embrace to its followers, telling reporters that its believers are patriots “who love our country.” Over 70 QAnon supporters have run for Congress as Republicans this year. Last week’s Democratic National Convention was mainly about decency — about portraying Joe Biden and his party as good people who will do their best to heal a nation afflicted by a pandemic and a depression. There were plenty of dire warnings about the threat of Trumpism; there was frank acknowledgment of the toll taken by disease and unemployment; but on the whole the message was surprisingly upbeat. I’m writing this column at 4 a.m., because I can’t sleep, again. The Food and Drug Administration is no stranger to political interference. Special interests have played as much of a role as actual data in the approval of questionable cancer drugs and faulty medical devices for almost as long as the agency has existed. If Joe Biden isn’t careful, Donald Trump might have a new nickname for him: “Shutdown Joe.” Or maybe, “Shut Down Joe.” Those monikers came to mind after the former vice president’s biggest blunder in the campaign thus far. It became clear this summer that public health measures across much of the country were relaxed too soon and without proper medical safeguards against the coronavirus. So now, once again, the commerce that Americans rely upon is retrenching. About 80 percent of Americans live in places that are pausing or dialing back reopening. Not long after the new coronavirus first surfaced last December, an ambitious prediction was made: A vaccine would be available within 12 to 18 months, and it would stop the pandemic. NASHVILLE — The scent of sun-dried sheets fresh off the clothesline can completely change my state of mind. Like the sense of well-being that comes over me when a song from my youth is playing on the radio, the smell of line-dried sheets takes me home to Alabama, back to a time when all my beloved elders were still alive, still humming as they shook out a wad of damp bedsheets and pinned them to the line. “You’re a traitor to the cause.” The Trump era is the hoax era. But not in the way he or his cheerleaders claim. When I got my first apartment in Manhattan in the hot summer of 1976, there was no pooper-scooper law, and the streets were covered in dog crap. The Republican convention at last begins this week, and much of it will be virtual, which makes it very 2020. Yet as strange as it is to say — and bear with me here — something about this moment brings to mind the Republican convention of 1992. Gail Collins: So Bret, did Joe Biden’s convention speech make you comfortable? The idea was to reassure folks like me about health care reform and raising the minimum wage but not so much that folks like you would consider a conservative revolt. In the wake of the police killings of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor, cities and towns across the nation erupted in mass protests against police violence and systemic racism. I smell the stench of panic on Donald Trump. At least 10,000 protesters and ordinary people have been freed from jail and immigrant detention facilities after months of uprisings in which millions of dollars have been donated to nearly 80 community bail funds nationwide. But the backlash has begun. As Republicans take the virtual stage for their convention this week, expect to hear much chest pounding about how great the economy has been under Donald Trump’s leadership and how fast it is coming back from the virus-induced shutdown. For the first time in the history of our democracy, the Democratic National Convention was not a gathering in person for delegates to debate their chosen primary candidates, hammer out a platform, and ultimately nominate their candidates for America’s top officers. As opposed to a traditional crowded convention hall spectacle, delegates and candidates gathered online this year. From Zoom rooms, Google hangouts and other online spaces they gathered remotely from homes across the country. When many of us question Hillary Clinton’s performance and strategy in 2016 and say that she should have won, we’re speaking sloppily. PACIFIC NORTHWEST TRAIL, Mont. — What’s a person to do in a crazy summer when our president endorses a candidate who claims the world is controlled by a “global cabal of Satan-worshiping pedophiles,” when federal agents club a Navy veteran protesting peacefully, when the government delays postal services to impede voting (and thereby kills chicks sent in the mail)? It must pain Donald Trump, deep down in his showman’s soul, to have had his convention taken away from him. The arguable peak of his presidency, the hubristic State of the Union that preceded the coronavirus, raised the reality-television elements of the address to new heights — reuniting a military family! Bestowing a Presidential Medal of Freedom! You can only imagine what brazen gimmicks, what WWE stagecraft, Trump would have rolled out for a convention taking place in normal times. Three decades ago, a team of researchers at Duke University set off to follow a group of schoolchildren in a stretch of rural North Carolina that happened to include a small reservation. Soon after, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians opened a casino and began sharing the profits, about $4,000 per adult each year, with every household in the tribe — essentially creating a local version of guaranteed income. That the Interior Department has now blessed oil and gas drilling in the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge comes as no surprise. It was a foregone conclusion once Lisa Murkowski, in 2017, persuaded her Senate colleagues to authorize drilling in the refuge as part of a tax bill, ending protections that have been in place since the Eisenhower administration. If Joe Biden reaches the White House, he will have more direct experience with cancer than most presidents. His eldest son, Beau Biden, died in 2015, at 46 from glioblastoma, the most aggressive form of primary brain cancer. Glioblastoma is deadly — median survival from time of diagnosis is only 14 months — and notoriously difficult to treat. Aleksei Navalny — reportedly still in a coma — has finally been allowed to fly to Germany for treatment, so at least the mystery of what caused Russia’s most prominent opposition figure to collapse in terrible agony on a flight over Siberia may be resolved. But if it does turn out to be poison, to which all signs point, it will still not explain who attacked him or why. WASHINGTON — Whenever I called my mom to tell her something bad had happened, she said, “I know.” On Wednesday, Aug. 19, 2020, standing in front of an exhibition about the Constitution in Philadelphia, Barack Obama fully became an American Jeremiah. There has been a lot of talk recently about how the coronavirus pandemic has unleashed a mental health epidemic of depression and anxiety. Accepting the Democratic presidential nomination, Joe Biden said: “Character is on the ballot. Compassion is on the ballot. Decency, science, democracy.” The Democratic National Convention featured not only a slate of the party’s heavyweights, but also several prominent Republicans. Missing from the lineup? Prominent progressive Latinos. Early in the evening on Aug. 25, 2005, Hurricane Katrina made landfall in Florida. A modest Category 1 storm, with top winds of only about 90 miles per hour, it passed just north of Miami, then lumbered across the Everglades toward the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Let’s be honest. One of the big questions attending Joe Biden’s big speech at the Democratic National Convention was whether he still had enough gas and enough grip to get to the end of it without losing velocity or swerving this way and that. Welcome to Opinion’s commentary for the closing night of the Democratic National Convention. In this special feature, Times Opinion writers rank the evening on a scale of 1 to 10: 1 means the night was a disaster for Democrats; 10 means it could lead to a big polling bump for Biden-Harris. Here’s what our columnists and contributors thought of the event, which highlighted Joe Biden, Senator Cory Booker, Senator Tammy Duckworth and one very charming 13-year-old. I’ve attended every convention since 1988, when Michael J. Dukakis accepted the Democratic presidential nomination. That year, as I exited Atlanta’s rapidly emptying Omni Coliseum after the balloons had dropped, I stopped to chat with a prominent Southern Democratic senator. He was all smiles, sure that the party’s four days of festivities would lead to Mr. Dukakis beating George H.W. Bush. Like thousands of other Democrats in attendance, he thought it was in the bag. On Thursday, as the Russian opposition leader Aleksei A. Navalny was returning to Moscow from the Siberian city of Tomsk, where he had been meeting with opposition candidates ahead of local elections, he began to feel ill. A heart-rending video was later posted online — one of the passengers on the plane had managed to capture Mr. Navalny’s groans and cries of pain. They sounded like the screams of a dying man. Stumping for regional candidates in Tuscany this month, Italy’s former interior minister Matteo Salvini waved around a surgical mask — and pointedly did not wear it. Covid-19 has taken more than 35,000 lives since it struck Italy in January. But now the daily death toll is typically in single digits, and Mr. Salvini, the leader of the anti-immigration League party, wants to put the country back to work. “Italians are being held hostage, kept at a distance, masked,” he hollered, “and meanwhile they let thousands of lowlifes land their boats and do what they want, go where they want, spit, infect. Enough is enough!” Every corpse is an ecosystem. Each fallen bird, landed fish, beached whale, decomposing log, plucked flower is destined to change from a conglomerate of giant molecules, the most complex system in the universe known, into clouds and drifts of much smaller organic molecules. The process of decay is driven by scavengers, in nature beginning with vultures and blowflies and ending with fungi and bacteria. Given the givens, it wasn’t a half-bad nominating party for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. On Tuesday night, I received a curious text while en route to my current home in Albany, N.Y., after a visit to my hometown. Embedded in the message was a thumbnail of a 30-second video clip. There was a measure of poetic justice in Thursday’s news that Steve Bannon, the populist political guru who charted President Trump’s rise to power, was arrested on a yacht on Long Island Sound and charged with defrauding hundreds of thousands of Mr. Trump’s supporters. MILWAUKEE — As a longtime Milwaukee resident, I expected this summer to be special, in a good way. In sports, the Bucks were red hot in the N.B.A.’s regular season. And in politics, the city was set to host the Democratic National Convention — with winning back Wisconsin and the rest of the Midwest from Donald Trump at the top of the Democrat’s wish list. In the most recent Senate Intelligence report on Russian campaign interference, a footnote quotes Steve Bannon, the former chief executive of Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, disparaging Trump’s oldest son. Bannon said he thought “very highly” of Donald Trump Jr., but also called him “a guy who believes everything on Breitbart is true.” On Tuesday, the S&P 500 stock index hit a record high. The next day, Apple became the first U.S. company in history to be valued at more than $2 trillion. Donald Trump is, of course, touting the stock market as proof that the economy has recovered from the coronavirus; too bad about those 173,000 dead Americans, but as he says, “It is what it is.” MINSK, Belarus — It rained all Tuesday night in Minsk, but people still came out the next morning to support striking factory workers. They weren’t alone: President Alexander Lukashenko’s most loyal and most brutal police force was out in full force, too, seeking to intimidate and arrest — or worse — the strikers and their supporters. Some people speak from their depths, and some speak from their shallows. Some speak to make a name in some political game they’re playing. But others speak from wells of a moral conviction. Their words are not applause lines; they endure. On Thursday night, Joe Biden will address the country as the official nominee of the Democratic Party. If the voters decide on Nov. 3 to make him president, he will face a big job on a lot of fronts. One of them is the economy: He will be the third consecutive Democratic president, going back a full three decades, who has had to clean up a mess left for him by a Republican predecessor. Already sorta looking forward to the Republican convention next week. The White House says Melania Trump will be speaking to the American people from the Rose Garden on Tuesday. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: From the start, the Trump-Russia story has been both eye-glazingly complex and extraordinarily simple. When I met the woman who would become my wife, it was 2001, we were in college, and she already knew that she wanted to join the military. The Navy would pay for her medical school, freeing her of debt. Military service was not a part of my plans, but love makes fools of us all. Since my wooing was already on shaky ground, I smiled and said, “That sounds great.” I knew then that if we started dating, I would be beginning a relationship with the military as well. I have been to several presidential nominating conventions. My first was Bill Clinton’s in Madison Square Garden in 1992. The convening itself — the drawing together of the party’s faithful, the die-hards, the sizzle of their excitement — created the spectacle and the specialness. ANCHORAGE — I arrived at fish camp to find a sofa on the beach with a fire beside it, crackling inside a washing machine drum. A few hours before, I’d taken my first flight since the pandemic began — humming low in a small plane from here, to the small town of Kenai, to the mouth of the Kasilof River. The ride-hailing apps Uber and Lyft have long disingenuously insisted that they are not transportation companies. This is a legal strategy that, so far, has allowed them to label their legions of drivers contract workers, depriving them of company-backed benefits like health care, paid leave and severance pay. On Wednesday, the federal government plans to execute Lezmond Mitchell, 38, the only American Indian under a federal death sentence. This a profound insult to Navajo sovereignty. The threat to the 2020 election’s legitimacy finally broke through into everyday conversation last week. People who pay little attention to politics started talking about whether President Trump was looking to mess with the United States Postal Service to slow down the receipt of mail-in ballots. I was flying recently from Los Angeles to Temuco, the largest city in the Araucanía region of Chile, when I got to thinking — as one inevitably does during globe-spanning flights — about the fallacy of maps. Let’s go down the shore. Grab the Coppertone and the beach towels, I’ll fill the cooler with Rolling Rock and some hoagies and a bag of Herr’s Barbecue Flavored potato chips. Did I forget anything? The Kadima paddles? My black bikini? A novel by Agatha Christie? A cheesesteak wit wiz? Along with millions of other football fans across America and the globe, tens of thousands of Kansas Citians like me feverishly want the National Football League to have a full season this year, despite Covid-19. But as the league’s teams began training camp this week in preparation for the start of the season after Labor Day, I spent several days asking myself, other fans and league health officials if the risks are worth it. As some parts of America gingerly begin to open up after months of near total lockdown, people have questions. Will it be safe to take a train? A plane? Visit the hair salon? An indoor restaurant? Not long ago, the struggle between racial liberalism and racial conservatism was a battle fought inside the Democratic and Republican parties. Now it’s a battle fought between the parties. Saturday will mark the 500th straight day that there will be no Senate-confirmed secretary of Homeland Security — the longest vacancy in the 231-year history of the executive branch cabinet. What’s more, unlike the rare, lengthy vacancies of previous administrations (usually a result of failed nominees), President Trump hasn’t sent a single name to the Republican-controlled Senate since April 10, 2019. Instead, he has publicly insisted that he prefers the “flexibility” that comes from filling positions like secretary of Homeland Security with an “acting” officer. In less than four years, the Trump administration has done great damage to the Latino community. Yet Donald Trump, who won 28 percent of the Latino vote in 2016, is still the choice of nearly 20 percent — enough support to make a difference in a close election. You’d think that Latinos would rally behind Joe Biden, but he has struggled to connect with them. Way back in March, definitely after 15 Days to Stop the Spread; maybe during 30 Days to Stop the Spread, when we were all heading toward the realization that we had no real plan to stop the spread, I ordered a window-garden flower starter kit. The United States government does not usually block or censor lawful websites, foreign or domestic, because it subscribes to the idea that the internet was designed to be open and connect everyone on earth. On its face, then, President Trump’s recent treatment of the Chinese apps TikTok and WeChat, which he threatened to ban from the United States unless they could find American buyers, looks close-minded and belligerent. Here is a sentence I never in a million years thought that I would ever write or read: This November, for the first time in our history, the United States of America may not be able to conduct a free and fair election and, should President Trump be defeated by Joe Biden, have a legitimate and peaceful transfer of power. In the mid-1950s, an English taxi driver named George King claimed that he had received a directive from outer space. The dispatch spurred him to establish the Aetherius Society, a religious group that believes communicating and working with aliens will better humanity. Though unconventional, the group’s practices aren’t dangerous or hateful; they often mirror those of more established religions, with an extraterrestrial twist. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Buckle up, Democrats, because the time between now and Election Day will be a white-knuckled, cannonball run of doom-scrolling. Joe Biden holds a lead in the polls, giving Democrats hope that President Trump will be soundly defeated in November. “Humankind cannot bear very much reality.” I think I’m supposed to question whether the Democratic Party can really stretch far enough in opposite directions to accommodate a democratic socialist like Bernie Sanders and an estranged Republican like John Kasich, transcendently strange bedfellows who spoke and served as ideological poles on the opening night of whatever we’re calling this shrunken, not-in-Milwaukee, pandemic-warped political jubilee. President Trump has threatened to withhold funds from the United States Postal Service. The new postmaster general, Louis DeJoy, has embarked on cost-cutting measures to eliminate overtime and remove sorting machines. These actions have created worries that Americans, reluctant to walk into voting booths because of Covid-19, will be unable to vote by mail this year. In June the independent website Factcheck.org made a dig at Joe Biden, publishing a post titled “Biden Floats Baseless Election Conspiracy.” Biden, you see, had suggested that Donald Trump “wants to cut off money for the post office so they cannot deliver mail-in ballots.” There was, said the post, no evidence that Trump’s “stance toward the U.S. postal system is related to the presidential election.” The other day I spotted a sticker that read, “Settle for Biden, 2020.” It spoke for me. BANGKOK — One student’s sign at the protest read, “No god, no kings, only man.” Another’s said, “You have awakened a sleeping giant.” In the Trump era, news doesn’t break, it invades. It doesn’t respect nights or weekends. When Tennessee became the 36th state to ratify women’s suffrage, one hundred years ago on Tuesday, many American women saw the realization of a dream deferred since the country’s founding: They could have a hand in shaping democracy. This summer, a bipartisan group of former government officials, political professionals, lawyers and journalists held a series of war game exercises about how the 2020 election might go wrong. Convened by the law professor Rosa Brooks and the historian Nils Gilman, it was called the Transition Integrity Project, and the results were alarming. HOUSTON — Usually on the first day back to work after summer break, there’s this buzzing, buoyant energy in the air. My school is a small school-within-a-school designated to serve gifted children, so there are only 16 teachers and staff members. We typically meet in a colleague’s tidy classroom, filled with natural light and the earthy smell of coffee. Bret Stephens: Gail, last week I argued that what the Republicans need this November is “the political equivalent of an unsedated colonoscopy.” Several readers, including a couple of medical professionals, wrote in to say that unsedated colonoscopies actually aren’t all that bad. (I’ll take their word for it.) I have said goodbye to Bernie Sanders before. There was the parting pageantry of the 2016 Democratic Convention where Mr. Sanders conceded the nomination to Hillary Clinton, closing out a primary season so tight it had given even the most pessimistic of leftists a thrill of hope. As he called for unity against Donald Trump in his farewell, the news network’s camera found a crying 22-year-old Bernie delegate in a Robin Hood hat, and the internet tore him apart. Laugh it up, I thought; there will be a next time. NASHVILLE — Tuesday marks 100 years since the Tennessee General Assembly voted to ratify the 19th Amendment, which gave American women the right to vote and shifted the national political landscape as thoroughly as any earthquake, tornado, and tidal wave combined. Walking the streets of San Francisco during these coronavirus days, you’ll see a sight rarer than Bigfoot: “for sale” and “for rent” signs. SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes Covid-19, was initially thought to primarily impact the lungs — SARS stands for “severe acute respiratory syndrome.” Now we know there is barely a part of the body this infection spares. And emerging data show that some of the virus’s most potent damage is inflicted on the heart. One morning in early March, during what would be our last week of normalcy, my team gathered outside our patient’s room on morning rounds. The beleaguered overnight intern began to present the details of the case. Then stopped. We needed to wait. The patient’s wife was on the way — and we couldn’t start without her. Six months into the global coronavirus pandemic, Americans trying to navigate daily life remain trapped between a clear ideal — the country needs to test as many people as possible for the virus, as regularly as possible, for as long as possible — and the reality that there are nowhere near enough tests in the United States to do that. Last week, a few hours after publishing an essay about American Catholics’ reaction to the Black Lives Matter movement, I received a flood of ill tidings via email. My correspondents’ anger was unrelated to the subject of my article, but was instead inflamed by a mention of Junipero Serra, a canonized Franciscan friar who founded Spanish missions throughout California in the  18th century. For almost three years, I’ve wondered when the QAnon tipping point would arrive — the time when a critical mass of Americans would come to regard the sprawling pro-Trump conspiracy theory not merely as a sideshow, but as a legitimate threat to safety and even democracy. Joe Biden’s selection of Senator Kamala Harris to be his running mate is historic. She is the first Black woman and the first person of Indian descent to be on a major-party ticket and, should Biden win, stands that much closer to becoming the first female president in our nation’s history. It’s no surprise that many Americans are emotional about her being chosen. Historians who specialize in voting rights and African-American women’s history have played a welcome and unusually public role in combating the myths that have long surrounded the women’s suffrage movement and the 19th Amendment, which celebrates its 100th anniversary on Tuesday. A sash — a piece of fabric draped over the head and worn from the shoulder to the opposite hip — is a strange garment. Its purpose is, essentially, decorative, but it has been worn for decoration by many types: It was part of male military dress uniforms in Europe at least as long ago as the 16th century. Royalty make use of them as well — you may recall that at his 2011 wedding, Prince William wore a bright blue sash with his dress uniform, and Princess Grace of Monaco frequently appeared in hers, an Order of St. Charles band. Even before the pandemic and the lockdowns, digital games were fast emerging as one of the world’s favorite pastimes. But when live entertainment came to a halt, the virtual kind just took off. What is required of the British monarchy? WASHINGTON — One wintry day in 1992, my boss drolly told me to try to look young. There’s a reason that a certain kind of journalist makes a quadrennial habit of reading “What It Takes,” Richard Ben Cramer’s gonzo classic about the 1988 presidential primary. It’s catnip to prose snobs. It’s a New Journalism masterpiece, freckled with ellipses, popping with sound effects. And it shows, better than perhaps any campaign book in the last half-century, what metabolically and psychologically distinguishes those who seek the presidency from those who consider eight nonspectacular hours at their day jobs triumph enough. Politically, we don’t agree on much. One of us is a libertarian-leaning conservative, and the other a left-leaning progressive. The stories of gender exclusion I heard this week from women working at Pinterest and their former colleagues were numbingly similar, with most using the same words over and over again: Sidelined. Shut down. Doors closed. Inner circles. Toxic secrecy. Homegrown boys club. Left out of meetings. Out of key decisions. Out of promotions. Out. [Read more on what’s happening in Belarus: protests, police and government.] SANTA MARGHERITA, Italy — In Italy there are seasons — and then there is the season. Summer comes, the country’s woes are set aside, and, to the eternal refrain of “tutti al mare” (“Everyone to the sea”), the exodus to the consoling coast begins. The national debt fades between sea and stars. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, our case today is against the most powerful man in the world. And using the most powerful weapon of government by the people, you can hold this man accountable for the first time in his life, when you pass judgment on Nov. 3. There is treasure in the sea, and much of it lies in plain view on the deep ocean floor. Fields of metallic nodules and towering hydrothermal chimneys accumulate precious and industrially prized metals, estimated to be worth many billions to even trillions of dollars. EDINBURGH, Scotland — This spring, when Western Europe became an epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic, countries imposed strict lockdowns: In France, a person needed a permit to go shopping; Spain required children to stay indoors the entire day; in Scotland and Wales, people could go outside for a walk only once a day and had to stay within a five-mile radius. Thanks to this, European countries were able to not only flatten the Covid-19 curve but to also keep levels of infection very low. When I saw on Wednesday morning that Kamala Harris had released a short video marking and celebrating her selection as Joe Biden’s running mate, I clicked — eagerly and instantly. I wanted to continue riding my wave of excitement about all the firsts: first woman of color on a major party’s presidential ticket, first Black woman specifically, first Asian-American. The opposition leader, fearing for her safety and her family, has been forced to flee. Peaceful protests have been met with violence: Hundreds wounded, two dead. People have disappeared into detention, violently pulled off the streets. And every night around 6 p.m., before the most brutal police violence begins, the internet is shut down. Belarus is under attack from its own government. Last year in San Mateo, Calif., a history teacher at Hillsdale High School conducted a mock hearing of South Africa’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission. Sophia Heath, then a freshman, played an anti-apartheid lawyer. She recalls that she “was really excited and that was the beginning of where my activism started.” On the web, she found Coalition Z, a youth group that registers voters and presses officials to combat climate change, provide more equitable school funding and enact gun control. Ms. Heath started a local chapter. It was probably inevitable that becoming Joe Biden’s running mate would result in controversy over Kamala Harris’s heritage. CHICAGO — My friend had been quarantining with her family in a suburb of San Antonio for several months when she began to worry that her three young children were becoming clinically depressed. SAN DIEGO — Last month, I learned that my uncle died of Covid-19. Not long after, his mother passed away from the virus, too. Since my parents are essential workers, I’m starting my senior year of high school worrying whether they’re next. For once, I am going to agree with President Trump in his use of his favorite adjective: “huge.” Conservatives do love their phony wars. Remember the war on Christmas? Remember the “war on coal”? (Donald Trump promised to end that war, but in the third year of his presidency coal production fell to its lowest level since 1978, and the Department of Energy expects it to keep falling.) This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Radicals are not my cup of tea, but I’m grateful for them. The radicals who brought us Occupy Wall Street and the Bernie Sanders campaign gave the problem of income inequality a prominence it wouldn’t have had without them. MADRID — One of my first assignments as a reporter, in 1996, was to interview an alleged lover of the king of Spain, Juan Carlos de Borbón y Borbón. My editors at El Mundo asked me to look into whether Bárbara Rey, a Spanish film and television actress, demanded money from the state in exchange for keeping her relationship with the married king secret. In the end, I didn’t get the interview. Under pressure, Ms. Rey chose to remain silent. Thus our king’s two great weaknesses — women and money — remained the country’s worst-kept secret for another two decades. Last week, NPR’s Lulu Garcia-Navarro asked Joe Biden whether, if elected, he could envision Donald Trump being prosecuted. Biden replied that the prosecution of a former president would be a “very, very unusual thing” and probably “not very good for democracy.” The former vice president said he would not stand in the way if the Justice Department wanted to bring a case, but when Garcia-Navarro pressed him, he suggested she was trying to bait him into a version of Trump’s threat against his 2016 opponent: “Lock her up.” Since the Harvard-Yale game that was the 1988 general election, all U.S. presidents, including the Wharton School graduate currently occupying the White House, have been Ivy League alumni. President Gerald Ford (University of Michigan, ’35) often ditched “Hail to the Chief” as his walk-on music and replaced it with his college fight song, but he never won the Electoral College, having assumed the Oval Office after Richard Nixon resigned. It is becoming clear that many of our nation’s children could be attending school from home for this school year and possibly longer. If educators and families aren’t empowered with the right support and tools, this will evolve from an education crisis to an education catastrophe. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Well, that didn’t take long. In July 1776, George Washington ordered the brand-new Declaration of Independence read aloud to a jubilant New York City crowd. A small group opted to continue their celebration into the evening. Led by an artillery officer, the revelers toppled the colossal, gilded statue of King George III at Bowling Green. JERUSALEM — Just when Israeli democracy most needed saviors, they materialized. If you run into Attorney General William Barr over the weekend, be sure to congratulate him. Joe Biden’s selection of Kamala Harris, the daughter of a Jamaican father and a South Asian mother, both immigrants, is both historic and inspiring. The appalling negligence that left more than 2,700 tons of ammonium nitrate sitting for more than six years at Lebanon’s port in Beirut, just waiting to explode, perfectly if tragically encapsulates the official corruption and incompetence in a country where almost everything that can go wrong does go wrong. With many usual fixtures of campaigning upended by the coronavirus pandemic — rallies, town halls, fund-raisers, conventions — President Trump has been looking to beef up one of the few remaining pieces: the debates. Kamala Harris has broken the California curse. In addition to her other historic firsts, she will be the first Democrat from the nation’s most populous state to run on a major-party presidential ticket. HONG KONG — Ever since a new round of pro-democracy protests broke out in Hong Kong last year, journalists from both local and global media have exposed how freedoms are shrinking, human rights are deteriorating and police brutality is worsening in the city. Joe Biden is often described as an ideological moderate. During the 2020 Democratic primary, political analysts routinely used the term to distinguish Mr. Biden from prominent rivals running to his left, especially the self-described socialist Senator Bernie Sanders and the “big structural change” advocate Senator Elizabeth Warren. Already, I am dreaming of the debate. Hundreds of American colleges and universities have opted to begin the fall semester at least partly in person, allowing some or all of their students onto campus to live and study. These schools are going to great lengths to impress upon students that their behavior determines whether campuses can stay open or whether they will have to head back to their parents’ homes by October. In many cases, schools are requiring students to sign “social contracts” in which they promise not to party, have overnight dorm guests, walk across campus without masks or otherwise conduct themselves as college students normally do — and often attaching strict penalties if students violate the rules. Consider the following scenario: Anna and Nicole, 36 and 39 years old, have been close friends since college. They each dated various men throughout their 20s and 30s, and had a smattering of romantic relationships that didn’t quite work out. But now, as they approach midlife, both women have grown weary of the merry-go-round of online dating and of searching for men who might make appropriate fathers for the babies they don’t yet have. Both Anna and Nicole want children. They want to raise those children in a stable, nurturing environment and to continue the legacy of their own parents and grandparents. And so they decide to have a baby — a baby that is genetically their own — together. As a pediatrician, I love treating children, but I am well aware that the urgent care clinic where I work is not germ-free. Inevitably, I catch the occasional bug from a kid with a runny nose and a cough. Former Vice President Joe Biden announced on Tuesday that he had chosen Senator Kamala Harris of California to be his running mate. It will be tempting for some to see Senator Kamala Harris of California’s place on the Democratic presidential ticket as a result of her race and gender, and to characterize it as an affirmative action selection. Others may see this moment as an isolated event rather than the result of the hard work of Black female candidates, political strategists and voters who have participated in the building of the Democratic Party. When I arrived in the United States in 1984, an Indian graduate student wanting to study African-American history, I was an anomaly. Most of my fellow South Asians were in STEM doctoral programs. Some of the most important developments in politics do not happen every election cycle, but every ten years, when politicians scrap the old battleground map and struggle to replace it with a new one more favorable to their interests. “We can’t play tennis because you don’t have a net.” If losing a child to an illness is one of the worst things that can happen to a family, Dr. Nadia Tremonti has made it her mission to make it better. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Republicans and Democrats largely ignore poor people because they do not expect them to vote at the same levels as their higher-income neighbors. But 2020 could change that. In the midst of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, campaigns that court low-income nonvoters by focusing on issues like expanding Medicare and raising wages could transform the political landscape. Imagine a parallel universe in which the sitting president cares about holding a free and democratic election in the midst of a pandemic. Imagine that his administration is staffed with competent, incorruptible officials who devote every waking hour to stopping the virus, saving lives, rebuilding the economy and preserving democracy. Imagine that the Postal Service hires tens of thousands of extra workers to process the surge of mail-in ballots. Last week I found myself reading “It Was All a Lie: How the Republican Party Became Donald Trump,” the new book by Stuart Stevens, the longtime Republican operative and chief strategist for Mitt Romney’s losing 2012 campaign for the presidency. Stevens belongs to one of the notable sects in the church of NeverTrump, consisting of figures who once held prominent posts in Republican campaigns — Steve Schmidt, John Weaver and Rick Wilson, most notably — and now have reinvented themselves as the Trump-era party’s would-be scourges. There’s no mystery about what President Trump intends to do if he holds a lead on election night in November. He’s practically broadcasting it. SÃO PAULO, Brazil — I have a subscription to a monthly magazine called Piauí. In July, I spent so many days without opening the front door that I could only wonder whether the magazine had arrived. When I finally went to check, there was nothing there. I knew something serious was afoot in May when my friend Eric Priestley called from West Hollywood and left a phone message: “E, you would not believe this!” In its 2011 World Report, Human Rights Watch noted the following about Ethiopia under the rule of Prime Minister Meles Zenawi: The ruling party had won parliamentary elections with 99.6 percent of the vote. Supporters of opposition parties endured months of constant intimidation. Journalists and human-rights activists had been forced to leave the country. And hundreds of political prisoners were “in jail and at risk of torture and ill-treatment.” As the U.S. economy careens toward disaster, congressional talks about what to do appear to have ground to a halt. So on Saturday President Trump — speaking at one of his golf courses, of course — announced four executive measures that, he claimed, would rescue the recovery. In the early morning hours of Monday, March 9, I was locked in battle with my oldest son, Izac, then a freshman in high school, over what felt like his one-billionth request to skip his 7 a.m. physical education class. He said he was tired and anxious and begged for a break. I told him that when you commit to something, you show up. End of story. And so off he went to school, bleary-eyed and resentful. Early on Monday, the police in Hong Kong arrested Jimmy Lai, founder of the popular tabloid Apple Daily, on charges of collusion with a foreign country, one of the vaguely defined crimes under the anti-sedition law adopted this spring by Beijing. It was the latest and clearest signal that China intends to make full use of that sweeping new legislation to stifle free expression and undermine Hong Kong’s pro-democracy movement. Once a global epicenter of the pandemic, New York City has — for now — brought things under control. But where does this reprieve leave front-line medical workers? Gail Collins: Bret, did you listen to the president’s weekend address? The one he gave to an audience composed of members at his private golf club? The part where he said Democrats don’t love the country? NASHVILLE — August and February are the two months I like least. August because it’s hot and dry and the wildflowers are mostly spent. February because it’s cold and gray and by February I have lived too long without wildflowers. Thanks to climate change, February doesn’t get all that cold anymore, though it’s still gray. February will always be gray in Middle Tennessee. Since the first Uber trip 10 years ago, one existential question has shadowed us: Do we treat drivers well? We are in a period of post-mortem reflection following the time during which racial justice protests were at their most intense. We now must ask ourselves: What has changed and what hasn’t? Have power and privilege truly been disrupted? Has oppression been alleviated? What will be the legacy of this moment? WASHINGTON —  On Thursday, July 30, I fell asleep watching reruns of “Law and Order.” The next morning, I woke up a fugitive. In Columbus, Ohio, judges have relocated eviction hearings to the cavernous halls of the city’s convention center, to ensure there’s plenty of space for the grim business of throwing families onto the street. Never in my life have political conditions felt so ripe for change. TEL AVIV — In the pile of old notebooks I saved from  when I was covering American politics for an Israeli newspaper (and when reporters still used a pad and pen), I found five mentions of Joe Biden’s Israel story. When I first heard the news of the terrible explosion in Beirut, and then the rampant speculation about who might have set it off, my mind drifted back some 40 years to a dinner party I attended at the residence of Malcolm Kerr, then president of the American University of Beirut. Among the many things that nobody knows about the disease that has overturned our lives is how long its effects last. I don’t just mean the possibility of coronavirus damage lurking invisibly in the heart or lungs or brain. I mean the simpler question of what it takes, and how long, for some uncertain percentage of the sick to actually feel better. At the end of May, German police commandos arrived outside a rural home owned by a sergeant major in that country’s most elite special forces unit, the KSK. Buried in the backyard they found a trove of weapons, explosives and Nazi memorabilia. In response, Germany’s defense minister announced that she would disband one-quarter of the unit because of the widespread infiltration of far-right extremists into its ranks. But as several news reports have made clear, it is suspected that the infiltration extends far beyond a single segment of the KSK. On Aug. 10, 1920, two African-American musicians, Mamie Smith and Perry Bradford, went into a New York studio and changed the course of music history. Ms. Smith, then a modestly successful singer from Cincinnati who had made only one other record, a sultry ballad that fizzled in the marketplace, recorded a new song by Mr. Bradford called “Crazy Blues.” A boisterous cry of outrage by a woman driven mad by mistreatment, the song spoke with urgency and fire to Black listeners across the country who had been ravaged by the abuses of race-hate groups, the police and military forces in the preceding year — the notorious “Red Summer” of 1919. Gold bugs — investors perpetually bullish on gold — have long been seen as a paranoid fringe of the financial world, holding the shiny asset as a hedge against a disaster they always think is near. But lately, they appear to be on to something. This year, gold is the best performing traditional asset in the world. Its price just topped $2,000 an ounce for the first time. From serious investors to newly minted day traders, everyone is talking up its virtues. Six to eight weeks. That’s how long some of the nation’s leading public health experts say it would take to finally get the United States’ coronavirus epidemic under control. If the country were to take the right steps, many thousands of people could be spared from the ravages of Covid-19. The economy could finally begin to repair itself, and Americans could start to enjoy something more like normal life. WASHINGTON — On the cusp of Joe Biden teaming up with a woman, I am casting back to my time covering the first woman who was a serious contender for veep. It became known in foreign policy circles as “the Scowcroft model.” Brent Scowcroft, the former national security adviser for Presidents Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush, who died Thursday, was frequently praised for establishing a paradigm for doing that job that many of his successors attempted (or claimed) to follow. The irony is that the real Brent Scowcroft, a man of strong views, didn’t always fit the paradigm himself. In just weeks we could almost stop the viral fire that has swept across this country over the past six months and continues to rage out of control. It will require sacrifice but save many thousands of lives. MILAN — A society at the point of detonation suffers from internal rot. This was true, for example, of the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires in 1914. I am interested in two contemporary cases: the spark that blew up 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate stored since 2014 in a warehouse at Beirut’s port, and the pathogen about one-thousandth the width of an eyelash that has killed at least 160,500 Americans and infected more than 4.9 million as President Trump has flailed. Jonathan V. Last thinks President Trump is here forever. Last, the editor of The Bulwark, a conservative site that’s been hostile to Trump, argues that if Trump loses in November, he’ll claim he was cheated out of the election. He’ll force other Republicans to back up his claim. He’ll get a TV show, hold rallies, be coy about running again in 2024. MIAMI — Last February, before social distancing became a reality for us all, I was able to interview Justice Sonia Sotomayor for my “Contrapoder” podcast. Among our small audience was Sophie McLoud, 10. The girl had a question for Justice Sotomayor, the first Latina Supreme Court justice in American history. “Do you think a girl like me could become president of the United States?” Sophie asked. I’ll share the amazing answer that Justice Sotomayor gave Sophie later. For now, let’s focus on the latest news. Over the last few years, the Trump administration has fought to shape the 2020 census to its political benefit and the benefit of the Republican Party. In 2018, it sought to introduce a citizenship question on the census itself, to reduce response rates among immigrant communities. Then, after that was rebuffed by the Supreme Court, it tried to exclude unauthorized immigrants altogether, in direct conflict with the Constitution, which calls on Congress to count “the whole number of persons in each State.” Now it wants to cut the census short and deliver it uncompleted — a last-ditch effort to rig the nation’s politics for the sake of its exclusionary political vision. This article is part of the Opinion Today free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every weekday. The one thing my students all invariably know about China is that you can’t use Facebook there, or YouTube or Google. For at least a decade, China has maintained strict control over the internet and aggressively blocked foreign tech platforms within its borders. It’s been a long time coming, but some Republicans seem to have finally gotten serious about climate change. In June, a handful of senators rolled out a bipartisan climate change bill. It is co-sponsored by Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, and Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina. New York City’s streets and restaurants were still packed in early March, as Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio argued over methodology, logistics and the economic repercussions of whether to shut the city down to curb the spread of the coronavirus. One pretty good forecasting rule for the coronavirus era has been to take whatever Trump administration officials are saying and assume that the opposite will happen. When President Trump declared in February that the number of cases would soon go close to zero, you knew that a huge pandemic was coming. When Vice President Mike Pence insisted in mid-June that “there isn’t a coronavirus ‘second wave,’” a giant surge in new cases and deaths was clearly imminent. The nuclear weapons dropped over Hiroshima and Nagasaki 75 years ago this week wreaked a devastation never before seen in human warfare. Yet they were firecrackers compared with the nuclear weapons that were soon developed — bombs, warheads, shells, torpedoes and other devices capable of vaporizing the human race in an apocalyptic flash. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. In 1963, when 250,000 demonstrators gathered at the Lincoln Memorial and heard the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I have a dream” speech, they did so under the prayerful invocation of Archbishop Patrick O’Boyle of Washington. He called for the Holy Spirit to open the eyes of Christians to the injustice of racial discrimination, condemned violence and praised the activists who had possessed the courage to go forth, like Moses, in search of a beautiful country. Listen and subscribe to “The Argument” from your mobile device: Employers are using the pandemic to get rid of mothers, and our attempts to protect them are failing. The United States long reserved its most lucrative occupations for an elite class of white men. Those men held power by selling everyone else a myth: The biggest threat to workers like you are workers who do not look like you. Again and again, they told working-class white men that they were losing out on good jobs to women, nonwhite men and immigrants. In the spring of 1971, Richard Nixon found himself in a situation not unlike President Trump’s. His approval rating was falling — in Mr. Nixon’s case, to a first-term low — just as an energetic social movement was hitting the streets. Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Nixon was tempted to use military force to counter those dissenters. And like the current president, Mr. Nixon and his aides found a way around the Pentagon’s resistance. Last month, President Trump ordered the Commerce Department to do what it legally could to exclude undocumented immigrants from the census count used to redraw congressional districts. Then on Monday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross announced that the constitutionally mandated 2020 census would end a month early. OK, people, I know you’re feeling a little wan and helpless these days. Sure does seem like a long time until November. The Census Bureau hasn’t offered a clear explanation for its decision this week to bring an early end to the decennial enumeration of the nation’s population, but the reason is clear enough: The Trump administration doesn’t want a complete count, as the law requires. BEIRUT, Lebanon — It began as a rumble. A deep bass rattling through the building. And then a roar for seven, eight, nine seconds, an eternity. A sound that could be made only by the world itself breaking open. I was certain it was an earthquake. Had it not been for the revolution in France, Edmund Burke would likely have been remembered, a bit vaguely, as an 18th-century philosopher-statesman of extravagant rhetorical gifts but frustratingly ambivalent views. The Irish-born member of the British Parliament was sympathetic to the grievances of the American colonies but not (like his onetime friend Thomas Paine) an enthusiastic champion of their independence; an acerbic critic of George III but a firm defender of monarchy; a staunch opponent of English rapacity in India but a supporter of British Empire; an advocate for the gradual emancipation of at least some slaves, but no believer in equality. My first summer job was at the port of Beirut. It was the late ’90s and I was just a teenager. I spent muggy months entering shipping data as part of an ambitious new program to move the port from analog to digital log keeping. It was as unglamorous as you would expect from a bottom-rung job in the bowels of a Middle East bureaucracy. But despite the heat and the monotony, there was optimism. I am trying to think of when I first realized we’d all run smack into a wall. It started with a text. Or perhaps it was the phone call. Or perhaps it’s more accurate to say it really started the week before, when my husband mentioned that his cousin S., who lives far away, would be visiting the area and wanted to come over for dinner in our Hudson, N.Y., backyard, and I paused. Today, Wednesday, marks 90 days before the presidential election, a date in the calendar that is supposed to be of special note to the Justice Department. That’s because of two department guidelines, one a written policy that no action be influenced in any way by politics. Another, unwritten norm urges officials to defer publicly charging or taking any other overt investigative steps or disclosures that could affect a coming election. Five years ago, I met with a matchmaker. I was reporting a feature on India’s $50-billion marriage-industrial complex — which includes everything from the dating app Dil Mil to the lavish wedding of Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas. Right now, polls say Joe Biden has a healthy lead over President Trump. But we’ve been here before (cue 2016), and the polls were, frankly, wrong. One man, however, was not. The historian Allan Lichtman was the lonely forecaster who predicted Mr. Trump’s victory in 2016 — and also prophesied the president would be impeached. That’s two for two. But Professor Lichtman’s record goes much deeper. In 1980, he developed a presidential prediction model that retrospectively accounted for 120 years of U.S. election history. Over the past four decades, his system has accurately called presidential victors, from Ronald Reagan in ’84 to, well, Mr. Trump in 2016. Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio have before them some of the most difficult challenges any holder of their respective offices has ever faced. Both men are often forced to choose between the least worst of many bad options. So, you’d think this great crisis would be an opportunity for the mayor and the governor to set aside their long-running feud and work together. The prognosis isn’t great. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Microsoft has emerged in recent days as the leading suitor for the fast-growing but embattled social media app TikTok. What the company may be buying is a big headache. In 2019, the F.B.I. cited QAnon as one of the dangerous conspiracy theories posing domestic terrorist threats to the United States and cited past incitements of violence from its adherents. Despite its fringe origins, the conspiracy movement continues to grow in troubling ways. QAnon-supporting candidates are running for office in surprising numbers (Media Matters’ Alex Kaplan reports that “at least 14 candidates made it out of primaries to the ballot in November or to primary runoffs.”) The movement has been tacitly embraced by President Trump and his re-election campaign, who’ve amplified QAnon accounts and even some of their memes. On Friday, Congress effectively pushed millions of Americans off a financial cliff when it failed to extend the enhanced unemployment benefits put in place in March to soften the economic pain of the coronavirus pandemic. Millions of Americans are also in imminent danger of losing their homes as federal moratoriums on evictions expire. They’re called the dog days, this stretch of July and August, because now is when Sirius, the Dog Star, returns to the night sky. The dies caniculares are said to bring about bad luck, lethargy and thunderstorms. Not to mention, you know: cataclysmic national dysfunction. The Black Lives Matter movement has had significant wins in recent months. Municipalities have removed statues of racists, corporations have changed branding that reinforced racial stereotypes, schools have cut ties with police forces and cities have reduced police funding. “This never happened. It will shock you how much it never happened.”  Amos Oz, the Israeli writer who was also a founder of the Peace Now movement, was once asked by a Norwegian journalist why Jews and Palestinians couldn’t just live as equal citizens in a single state. Oz countered by asking why Norway and Sweden couldn’t just merge into a single state, too, as they had been for most of the 19th century. There she was. After more than three weeks on the ventilator, after battling weakness and delirium on the general medical floor and a stay at the long-term rehab hospital where she rebuilt the strength to walk again, my patient had made it home. The dark shadows beneath her eyes were fading. Her skin was tanned. The persistent shortness of breath had finally abated, and she had recently run four miles to commemorate four months since she was diagnosed with Covid-19. The spectacle of the chief executives of Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google’s parent testifying before Congress last week made for good TV drama. Yet the theatrics of the showdown distracted from the real payoff of the hearings: the accompanying cache of subpoenaed emails and texts from the past decade and a half. These documents provide compelling evidence — long rumored but seldom established — that the companies, especially Facebook and Amazon, in their rise to dominance did not always play by the rules and apparently violated antitrust laws. In Rome’s Palatine Museum, built atop the excavation site of Emperor Domitian’s palace and not far from imperial residences of Tiberius and Augustus, there is a curious bit of masonry that was rediscovered in 1820. This artifact is exhibited alongside terra cotta heads of Jupiter and marble sculptures of Apollo, all of the grand detritus of a lost civilization housed in a former monastery. At the corner of one of the museum’s galleries sits this short altar chiseled from granite that’s slightly worn from the elements and framed with a modest curled design where a statue might sit. No idol is framed by the base; no statue of strong Jupiter or beautiful Apollo sits atop the altar. It is rather simply dedicated to Agnostos Theos — the “Unknown God.” Where a deity would normally be present is rather a sacred and beautiful nothingness. Covid-19 has made life much harder for people with opioid addiction. But the response to the virus has also revealed a way forward that could radically expand effective treatment and reduce overdose deaths. Nearly everyone involved in reporting on, analyzing or forecasting the upcoming presidential election agrees that Donald Trump could win another term in office. But no one save his most dedicated sycophants thinks he could do so with a majority of the public on his side. We have accepted, as a matter of course, that Trump could be constitutionally re-elected through the Electoral College, but not democratically selected by the voting public. We may never solve the puzzle of Stonehenge, and, if we do, it probably won’t change our lives. Nor will much change if the latest American robot zooming toward Mars discovers that eons ago microorganisms swam in long vanished lakes. Yet how gloriously enthralling the search! After the horrendous killing of George Floyd, people in Portland, Ore., joined with thousands across the country in demonstrations to address police reform and widespread systemic racism. The leaders of the Portland Police Bureau denounced this tragic death, and we reiterated our willingness to engage in reforms. The ad opens with amateur footage of an older, white-haired woman, smiling and chatting with the toddler snuggled in her lap. In a voice-over, a younger woman reminisces about how her grandmother’s home had always been “the safe place.” In case you haven’t noticed, the coronavirus is still very much with us. Around a thousand Americans are dying from Covid-19 each day, 10 times the rate in the European Union. Thanks to our failure to control the pandemic, we’re still suffering from Great Depression levels of unemployment; a brief recovery driven by premature attempts to resume business as usual appears to have petered out as states pause or reverse their opening. Nervous managers of the scheduled 2020 presidential debates are shuffling the logistics and locations to deal with the threat of the coronavirus. But here’s a better idea: Scrap them altogether. And not for health reasons. As our revived national conversation on race has made clear, the legacies of slavery and white supremacy run wide and deep in American society and political life. One such legacy — which is particularly noteworthy in a presidential election season — has been the survival and preservation of the Electoral College, an institution that has been under fire for more than 200 years. Our complicated method of electing presidents has been the target of recurrent reform attempts since the early 19th century, and the politics of race and region have figured prominently in their defeat. Bret Stephens: Gail, some of our readers may not know that, in addition to all of your journalism at The Times, you’re also the author of several distinguished works of history. Put on your historian’s hat and tell us what you think of Donald Trump’s tweet suggesting we delay the election. BEIRUT — Anyone who knows Lebanon has heard this: The Lebanese are resilient. A reputation earned by weathering an outsize list of challenges over the years: a 15-year civil war, political tensions with Syria, wars with Israel and a collapsing public service infrastructure. NASHVILLE — I first saw it in bits — two paws here, the tip of a tail there — on grainy, black-and-white images taken by our backyard trail camera. Normally that device captures only the wild animals you’d expect to find in a first-ring suburb: opossums, mainly, but also rabbits and raccoons and rat snakes, sometimes an owl, now and then a fox. I once saw a bobcat slink across our street, but it’s never shown up in the trail-cam photos. My heart lifted when I first saw a clearly feline haunch in one of the pictures, but the scale was all wrong for a bobcat. It was just an ordinary house cat, prowling in my backyard. Coronavirus vaccines are rapidly advancing through the development pipeline. The University of Oxford’s vaccine is in large trials in Britain, Brazil and South Africa. In the United States, researchers just began enrolling around 30,000 volunteers to test Moderna’s vaccine, and more trials are starting every day. Operation Warp Speed has set an ambitious goal of delivering 300 million doses of a safe, effective vaccine by January. Yes, President Trump can ban TikTok in the United States. The problem? This won’t actually stop the digital deluge from China. This election is in danger of being stolen. By Donald Trump. Joe Biden’s recent policy proposal to address the country’s crisis of care didn’t garner major headlines. There were no haphazardly capitalized Trump tweets in response, nor congressional Republicans denouncing it as socialism. But make no mistake: His plan is quietly radical in both its comprehensiveness and its framing. Representative Louie Gohmert, Republican of Texas, is not the first member of Congress to test positive for the coronavirus. At least 14 lawmakers, hailing from both parties and both chambers, are known to have either tested or been presumed positive for the coronavirus. The billion-dollar bailout of one of Ohio’s biggest utilities seemed suspicious from the start. It turns out the F.B.I. was paying attention, too. HONG KONG — And now, it’s election fraud. In 1996, my rookie year in the major leagues with the Chicago Cubs, our manager Jim Riggleman often reminded us that we should play for the name on the front of our uniforms, not the name on the back. It was a noble idea — team before self — reinforced by the power big league athletes can feel when they realize they are representing entire cities, states, even countries, and taking a place in a long history of the sport they are so passionate about. Horses talk, but not like Mr. Ed. A horse may be trained to respond to “whoa” and “giddy up,” but if you speak to a horse, you’re not speaking in horse. They converse mostly through body language, and their most visible correspondence is a sign language of ears. I. THE ROAD TO CASSADAGA WASHINGTON — Macbeth has his doubts. For a man who votes by mail himself, Donald Trump is strangely obsessed with the idea that it is the most dangerous method of casting a ballot. Hundreds of thousands of undergraduates in America won’t be allowed on their campuses this fall, or the campuses welcoming them will be hollowed-out, locked-down, revelry-leeched shadows of their former selves. What kind of college experience is that? Let’s play the Israel-Palestine impossibility game. It’s timely because the two-state peace for which I have long argued is now widely deemed unattainable. The answer, as one of the most thoughtful observers of the conflict, Peter Beinart, has recently argued, must be one state with equal rights for Jews and Palestinians, “a Jewish home that is not a Jewish state.” Masked men, clad indistinguishably from soldiers, yanking civilians off the street in the dead of night and throwing them into unmarked cars is the modus operandi of totalitarian regimes — or the stuff of dystopian fiction. It’s been six months since the United States reported its first coronavirus case, and getting a test can still take days. National labs are overwhelmed, leaving people to wait as much as two weeks for results. Every day that testing falls short is another day the virus can spread undetected, costing lives and delaying the reopening of our economy, schools and society. In his final essay, published on Thursday in The New York Times, Representative John Lewis of Georgia offered welcome words of encouragement and wisdom for everyone protesting discrimination and injustice. He also made a crucial point about our political system, one that bears repeating as we face powerful threats to self-government and the rule of law. The scale of the coronavirus pandemic and the economic shutdowns it caused set in motion a series of debates and questions about what the world may look like once its stranglehold on society loosens: Will we travel less? Will we work at home more? Will norms in schools and at large-scale public events be changed for years? President Trump has been comparing himself to Richard Nixon, tweeting “LAW & ORDER,” and claiming he learned a lot from Nixon. Others have been comparing Mr. Trump’s handling of civil disorder to Nixon’s. No one will ever tag me a Nixon apologist, but in Nixon’s defense these claims are hooey. DEVARI, India — Somebody took a photograph on the side of a highway in India. Within the last couple of months, several scientific studies have come out — some peer-reviewed, others not — indicating that the antibody response of people infected with SARS-CoV-2 dropped significantly within two months. The news has sparked fears that the very immunity of patients with Covid-19 may be waning fast — dampening hopes for the development of an effective and durable vaccine. It was clear when President Trump woke up on Thursday morning, with no pollster left to lie to him, and not enough Fox News sycophancy to fill his cereal bowl, that he would have to play one of the last tricks in the dictator’s handbook. I have voted Republican in every presidential election since 1980, including voting for Donald Trump in 2016. I wrote op-eds and a law review article protesting what I believe was an unconstitutional investigation by Robert Mueller. I also wrote an op-ed opposing President Trump’s impeachment. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The United States just endured its worst economic quarter in recorded history. If this trend had continued for an entire year, American economic output would have been down by about a third. On Wednesday, Representative David Cicilline, Democrat of Rhode Island and chairman of the House Judiciary Committee’s antitrust subcommittee, opened a half-virtual hearing on “Online Platforms and Market Power” with a combative opening statement: “Our founders would not bow before a king. Nor should we bow before the emperors of the online economy.” The worst economic news on Thursday was not the official announcement that the American economy shrank at an annualized rate of 32.9 percent in the second quarter of 2020 — a grim quantification of the pain caused by the coronavirus pandemic. In June 2017, I ran into John Lewis outside of Atlanta, where he was campaigning for his former intern Jon Ossoff in the special election for Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District. I asked him something I asked everyone in those days, when the horror of this administration was still fresh: How confident was he that America would recover from Donald Trump? Every worker’s nightmare is the horrible boss — everyone knows at least one — who is utterly incompetent yet refuses to step aside. Such bosses have the reverse Midas touch — everything they handle turns to crud — but they’ll pull out every stop, violate every norm, to stay in that corner office. And they damage, sometimes destroy, the institutions they’re supposed to lead. I know I should be jaded by now by the persistence of the Supreme Court’s conservative justices in seeking to elevate religious interests over those of secular society. After all, in the closing days of the court’s term, religious employers won the right to withhold from female employees the contraception coverage to which federal law entitled them. Religious schools gained a broad exemption from the anti-discrimination laws that would otherwise protect classroom teachers and soon, no doubt, other employees as well. What better way to celebrate the 100th anniversary of women’s suffrage than by discussing the way it turned out to be a big flop? Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Finally. The World Health Organization has now formally recognized that SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes Covid-19, is airborne and that it can be carried by tiny aerosols. The brief essay that Representative John Lewis sent me two days before his death — to be published today, on the occasion of his funeral — expresses the hope for national healing and reconciliation that guided his life’s work. While my time here has now come to an end, I want you to know that in the last days and hours of my life you inspired me. You filled me with hope about the next chapter of the great American story when you used your power to make a difference in our society. Millions of people motivated simply by human compassion laid down the burdens of division. Around the country and the world you set aside race, class, age, language and nationality to demand respect for human dignity. PORTLAND, Ore. — I’ve been on the front lines of the protests here, searching for the “radical-left anarchists” who President Trump says are on Portland streets each evening. Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease specialist and a leading voice in our battle against Covid-19, has gotten under Donald Trump’s skin. As we wrestle in the next few weeks over which of the nation’s schools to reopen — and let’s be clear, not all of them will be safe to restart — we need to understand this: Kindergarten through the 12th grade involves more than just the classroom. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont introduced legislation this week that directs the Trump administration to send three “high-quality, reusable” masks to every person in the United States, and would provide $5 billion to increase mask production. This is a good idea. I’ve always hated cooking. My mother thought it was drudgery; her mother felt the same. As for me, a tech worker, I hid in my profession’s disdain for inefficiency. The calculus of exchanging time or money for feeding my family never balanced in cooking’s favor. For a perfectionist like me (another matrilineal inheritance) long recipes looked like baroque forms of self-torture; there wasn’t even time to shop at the good grocery store. I’ve never really worried that computers might be gunning for my job. To tell the truth, often, I pray for it. How much better would my life be — how much better would my editor’s life be, to say nothing of the poor readers — if I could ask an all-knowing machine to suggest the best way to start this column? It would surely beat my usual writing process, which involves clawing at my brain with a rusty pickax in the dim hope that a few flakes of wisdom and insight might, like dandruff, settle on the page. Disruption, disorder and disease are gripping the United States as the 2020 election draws near, leading to an unusual degree of unpredictability about our political future. Despite current state and national polling that favors Democrats, we still can’t say for sure whether the nation will tip left or right. After Mitt Romney lost the 2012 presidential race, the Republican National Committee chairman, Reince Priebus, commissioned an internal party study to examine why the party had won the popular vote only once since 1988. Most baseball fans have probably never heard of John Donaldson, a hard-throwing pitcher who drew sold-out crowds around the country for an astonishing three decades before he hung up his glove in 1941. His statistics establish him as one of the greatest to ever play America’s pastime. Yet he died in obscurity. This month’s conversation in our series exploring religion and death is with Pankaj Jain (@ProfPankajJain), an associate professor in the department of philosophy and religion at the University of North Texas. He is the author of “Dharma in America: A Short History of Hindu-Jain Diaspora,” “Dharma and Ecology of Hindu Communities: Sustenance and Sustainability” and other works. He is currently translating “Jain Darshan,” a text on the philosophy of Jainism. In 2019, he appeared in the TV series “The Story of God” with the actor Morgan Freeman. KAMPALA, Uganda — Brutal policing is a global crisis, but America’s favorite African strongman, Yoweri Museveni, Uganda’s president since 1986, has deployed his own security forces to a particularly malign end: assaulting opposition parliamentary lawmakers to crush the democratic challenge he is facing. Covid-19 has created strange bedfellows. Six months ago we, a labor leader and an Amazon vice president, would have been on opposite sides in discussing the future of work at Big Tech in general and Amazon in particular. Then on May 1, one of us, Tim, walked away from a senior role at Amazon Web Services, and potentially millions in compensation, in protest over the firing of workers who spoke out about conditions in the company’s warehouses. Nuclear arms control is at a crossroads — not because we are approaching the deadline on an extension of the 2010 New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, but because China’s nuclear expansion threatens to upend decades of relative nuclear stability between the United States and Russia. Remdesivir is no Covid-19 miracle cure. We do not even know yet if it saves lives, but clinical trials do show that it can shorten hospital stays, and right now it’s the only drug known to interfere with coronavirus activity in the body. Doctors everywhere rightly want to give it to severely ill patients. This film is part of a special Op-Docs series of short documentaries from the 2021 Sundance Film Festival. Amid the coronavirus pandemic, Congress’s attention will turn briefly to another matter: world domination. On Wednesday, the chief executives of Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Google’s parent company, Alphabet, will appear together to defend themselves in a continuing inquiry into their market power by the congressional subcommittee focused on antitrust. The Trump administration’s deliberate decision to intervene in the Portland protests with a heavy hand, unconventional means and inflammatory political rhetoric has contributed to growing public distrust — particularly of the Department of Homeland Security. This article has been updated to reflect news developments.There she is in Little Rock, Ark., in 1957, a white woman in a neatly ironed dress and a short-sleeved, pearl-button cardigan. Her hand is on her hip as she stands in the universal posture of “I would like to speak to your manager” and stares down a soldier defending the Black students who’d integrated Little Rock Central High School. When people ask me about my mood these days, I tell them that I feel like I’m a reporter for The Pompeii Daily News in A.D. 79, and I’m sitting in the foothills of Mount Vesuvius and someone just walked up and asked, “Hey, do you feel a rumbling?” This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Since the end of World War II, the United States has almost always viewed itself as a leader in resettling refugees forced to flee their homes around the world. But in just three years, President Trump has reduced the flow of refugees to a trickle. The logistics of reopening schools are daunting. Plans are full of details about which days kids will be eligible for, and pages and pages on preventing students and staffs from getting sick. What kind of limits will be placed on class sizes? What kind of cleaning? Will there be symptom checks or temperature screens? Masks for everyone or just adults? For those of us who believe that a female president is long overdue, the past few years have been bitterly disappointing. From Hillary Clinton’s surprise loss to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election to the failure of the Democratic Party to choose a female candidate this year despite an abundance of qualified women, it’s been one setback after another. And though there’s abundant evidence that women can win elections in lower races, a slim majority of American men, and just over 40 percent of American women, still aren’t “very comfortable” with the idea of a female president. We made a mistake at first with how we talked about masks. We’re making the same mistake now with tests. If Donald Trump stages another come-from-behind victory in November — helped, in all likelihood, by the collapse of public order in American cities — the Republican Party will become an oddity for the Trump Organization: the only entity it owns but does not brand. Not only will Trump remain in office for another term, but the Trumpers will also dominate the G.O.P. for another generation. With China throwing its weight around in the South China Sea, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo rightly declared this month that the country’s aggressive claims to offshore resources in the area were “completely unlawful.” The message aligned the United States with international law in one of the world’s most critical waterways and showed support for the smaller coastal states threatened by Chinese bullying. Anne Applebaum’s new book, “Twilight of Democracy: The Seductive Lure of Authoritarianism,” begins cinematically, with a party she threw at a Polish manor house to mark the dawn of the new millennium. America’s response to the coronavirus has been a lose-lose proposition. A senior white physician stands by silently as a white patient uses a slur to describe a Black nurse. ROME — Streets are quiet, squares are empty, you can hear the gurgling of the city’s ubiquitous fountains in the daytime. The platoons of Chinese tourists are nowhere to be seen; the American travelers — their hats, their sandals, their holiday shorts — have disappeared. This month, for the first time in 17 years, the United States resumed carrying out death sentences for federal crimes. The failure of both Congress and state legislatures to respond to the murder of George Floyd with any meaningful action reminds us that our nation’s attempts at reform can often amount to nothing. We need to look elsewhere for reform — to local prosecutors. Gail Collins: Bret, welcome to our new conversing day. Let’s celebrate by disagreeing. This week Congress is trying to work out a second-stage coronavirus relief program. But the president has been stalling in an attempt to get them to cut payroll taxes. The United States leads the world in Covid-19 deaths, nearing 150,000 lost lives. The unemployment figures brought on by the pandemic are mind-boggling. The Trump administration’s slow and haphazard response has been widely criticized. But what does it look like to young people around the world, whose governments moved quickly and aggressively to contain the coronavirus? “Decolonize this place!” “Decolonize the university!” “Decolonize the museum!” A narrative has formed around the presidential race: Donald Trump is losing because he’s botched the current crisis. Americans are desperate for competence and compassion. He’s offered narcissism and division — and he’s paying the political price. NASHVILLE — When our oldest son got engaged last year at sunset on a beach in Spain, my husband and I cheered from half a world away. I write these words without hyperbole: We were truly as happy about this pending marriage as two human beings could possibly be. After mocking people for wearing masks, refusing to publicly wear one himself and holding rallies and gatherings where social distancing was not required, President Trump has shifted his tone. This month as the 30th anniversary of the Americans With Disabilities Act approached, we asked two prominent figures in the disability rights movement, Judy Heumann and John Wodatch, where they thought the United States stood in its quest to secure full rights for people with disabilities. It’s no longer interesting, or particularly newsworthy, to point out that Donald Trump lies. It stopped being interesting a long time ago. He lied en route to the presidency. He lied about the crowd at his inauguration. His speech itself was one big lie. And the falsehoods only metastasized from there. President Trump announced on Thursday that, in deference to the pandemic, he was canceling the portion of the Republican National Committee’s nominating convention scheduled to take place in Jacksonville, Fla., late next month. In July 1988, a crowd of roughly 40 protesters gathered outside the Los Angeles Federal Building. As they chanted, their leader, Dr. Paul Longmore, a visiting scholar at Stanford, set fire to a biography of George Washington on a small barbecue grill. PORTLAND, Ore. — To watch Fox News is to learn from Sean Hannity that the “Rose City” of Portland is “like a war zone” that has been, in Tucker Carlson’s words, “destroyed by the mob.” Over a million New York City students and teachers are still unsure of when and how they might return to school this fall. Their classrooms are capsules of those panicked final days in March, when schools abruptly shut down to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. You’re a wealthy New Yorker who fled the city during the coronavirus pandemic, and you haven’t yet filled out the census. “Naked Athena.” Have you heard of her? She’s the woman who was so christened after she strolled into a recent Portland protest — one that was ostensibly, crucially, about Black lives — stark naked, save a mask (kudos to that) and skullcap. She sat down with her legs wide, and proceeded to do some yoga poses. Some say she was putting herself between protesters and police, that she was turning the cultural sacredness of a white (or at least a white-passing) woman’s body into a shield against rubber bullets and tear gas. This week, Planned Parenthood of Greater New York announced that it would remove Margaret Sanger’s name from its Manhattan Health Center. The grounds were Sanger’s eugenic ideas and alliances, which for years have been highlighted by anti-abortion advocates and minimized by her admirers. Under the pressures of the current moment, apparently, that minimization isn’t sustainable any more. Brett Kavanaugh invoked it. Mitch McConnell used it too. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck have each talked about it, and this week, Representative Ted Yoho joined their ranks: He, too, is now a member of the having-a-daughter-makes-me-an-ally-to-women — or at the very least, should-excuse-my-bad-behavior — club. President Trump is oh so proud of having mastered the ability to intone, “Person. Woman. Man. Camera. TV.” We’ve heard from the adults about reopening schools: Teachers have presented safety concerns, politicians have presented political concerns, health experts have presented health concerns, parents have presented parenting concerns, and so on. “Of all the American institutions the pandemic has shut down, none face pressure to reopen quite like schools do,” Sarah Darville writes in this week’s Sunday Review. Over the last week, the hottest issue in national politics has been President Trump’s ability to repeat five words in order — people, woman, man, camera, TV — a performance on a dementia test that Mr. Trump has called “amazing.” I attended a program several years ago at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis that was part of an exhibition called “Hippie Modernism: The Struggle for Utopia.” The event was a celebration and reunion for some local countercultural civil rights and antiwar activists from the late ’60s and ’70s. One of the speakers, a young Native American man, caught my attention when he said: “You baby boomers have forgotten who you are. It’s time to step back up and finish what you started.” Desperate to continue the tradition of a family beach week, I hatched a plan that would allow some mask- and sanitizer-enhanced semblance of normality. We’ll probably never know exactly what sorts of documents were incinerated at China’s Consulate in Houston in the days before the United States forced it to close on Friday, after accusing it of being a hub of espionage. We may also never know what caused this month’s catastrophic fire aboard the U.S.S. Bonhomme Richard, a massive amphibious assault ship that was being fitted out to double as a small aircraft carrier, in the port of San Diego. PARIS — No people has found the American lurch toward authoritarianism under President Trump more alarming than the Germans. For postwar Germany, the United States was savior, protector and liberal democratic model. Now, Germans, in shock, speak of the “American catastrophe.” For months, President Trump’s re-election team has been trying out possible lines of attack against Joe Biden: He’s sleepy. He’s creepy. He’s corrupt. He’s soft on China. He’s soft in the head. So far, nothing has stuck. Which may explain why one theme Mr. Trump and his supporters have latched onto is that, whatever you think of Mr. Biden personally, he is “a helpless puppet of the radical left.” For several years now, the police and other authorities in China have been collecting across the country DNA samples from millions of men and boys who aren’t suspected of having committed any crime. By the established logic of the business world, Maine Grains, a small miller of flour in a rural part of the state, should not exist. With some 20 employees, it mills about 2,000 tons of flour a year in an industry where larger companies can mill more than 20,000 tons a day. Grain has long been a commodity business, and milling is driven by size and scale. Yet tiny mills like Maine Grains and small brands like King Arthur Baking Company and Bob’s Red Mill are thriving. They raise a bold question: Could flour, of all products, suggest a better path for more of the U.S. economy? President Trump believes he represents the “silent majority” of the country against a dangerous, radical minority. He says as much on Twitter, frequently yelling “SILENT MAJORITY” at his followers. Accordingly, his campaign for re-election has tried to appeal to this “majority” with displays tailored to its perceived interests. The New York Times Opinion section has been exploring how the United States can emerge from our current crises fairer and more resilient. The latest chapter of “The America We Need” series focuses on the kind of economy we need to live up to our nation’s founding ideals. PARIS — While many American foreign policymakers are focused on China and the South China Sea, some should take a closer look at Turkey and the Eastern Mediterranean, which could be the next geopolitical flash point for Europe and NATO to confront. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention opened branch offices in Bentonville, Ark., and Seattle this month. Not officially. But with the president trying to distance himself from responsibility for the coronavirus crisis, and Southern governors amplifying the damage with their flawed reopening strategies, the nation’s retailers have become the first line of defense against the pandemic. A renowned scholar of American diplomacy once slapped his 4-year-old in a fit. Coolly, she responded, “You shouldn’t do this.” A few days ago The Times published a long, damning article about how the Trump administration managed to fail so completely in responding to the coronavirus. Much of the content confirmed what anyone following the debacle suspected. One thing I didn’t see coming, however, was the apparently central role played by Italy’s experience. One of the more bizarre cable-show-bro handoffs of late happened this week between Fox News hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity concerning the $13 billion one-day spike in the Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos’ fortune. Over the past few weeks, the Trump administration has decided to close the door to engineers, executives, information technology experts, doctors, nurses and others who come to the United States on work visas. It has attempted to ban international students from attending American colleges and universities that hold classes virtually in the fall. And it has shown an unwavering commitment to canceling the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. Last year, I wrote a column about the U.S. World Cup team and the unexpected lesson it taught us on its march to world domination: Our greatest weapon is our attention and how we choose to wield it. By failing to contain the coronavirus, the United States is allowing what began as a temporary disruption of economic life to do lasting damage to the nation’s prosperity and prospects. With little chance of an imminent economic rebound, millions of Americans who have lost their jobs during the pandemic are now in grave danger of losing their homes, too. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Like other realms, American intellectual life has been marked by a series of exclusions. The oldest and vastest was the exclusion of people of color from the commanding institutions of our culture. You know how countries have slogans, like Thailand is “The Land of Smiles”? That seems like a lot of pressure on citizens and tourists alike. An entire land of constant smiles? Even when you have lower back pain or you’ve just been served surprise divorce papers: Smile! For the typical small business, rent is an enormous expense, second only to payroll. And there’s no blueprint for how small-business owners should deal with their landlords during an economy-toppling pandemic. I drove my oldest son, a middle schooler, to his baseball game a few miles down the road. There was a slight breeze, a perfect setting for summer activity. In 1975, after public revelations of intelligence abuses concealed from all but a handful of members of Congress, the United States Senate created a temporary committee to study the nation’s spy agencies — something no standing committee had ever attempted. Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Of all the American institutions the pandemic has shut down, none face pressure to reopen quite like schools do. Pediatricians exhort schools to open their doors wherever possible or risk developmental harm to kids. Working parents, particularly mothers, are in crisis, worried about having to leave the work force altogether in the absence of a place to send their young children each day. And President Trump is campaigning for schools to reopen, threatening to withhold funding if they don’t. On Friday, after 86 years as a museum, the great Hagia Sophia in Istanbul will once again echo with Muslim prayers. To Turkish Islamists, the conversion marks the fulfillment of a long-held dream of restoring a symbol of Ottoman grandeur. For many others around the world, the change is a dismaying setback for one of the world’s greatest architectural and cultural landmarks. Having failed in past attempts to put unqualified ideologues on the Federal Reserve Board, President Trump is giving it another try — and is closer to victory than previously. LANSING, Mich. — My state was hit hard by Covid-19. For many weeks, we had the nation’s third-highest number of deaths despite having only the 10th-largest population. As a result, we took some of the most aggressive measures in the country in the fight against the disease, and our hard work paid off. Our actions saved thousands of lives. BEIJING — Eight is thought to be a lucky number in China because in Chinese it sounds like the word for “fortune”; 444 is a bad number because it rings like “death”; 520 sounds like “I love you.” As school districts across the nation announce that their buildings will remain closed in the fall, parents are quickly organizing “learning pods” or “pandemic pods” — small groupings of children who gather every day and learn in a shared space, often participating in the online instruction provided by their schools. Pods are supervised either by a hired private teacher or other adult, or with parents taking turns. In the continuing debate over whether liberals or conservatives are more open minded, whether those on the left or the right are more rigid in their thinking, a team of four Canadian psychologists studied patterns of “cognitive reflection” among Americans. When my mammogram was done, the technician looked at me and smiled. “Nice boots,” she said. As a respite from a chaotic spring spent under quarantine, my family booked a weeklong vacation last month in a cozy, remote house in the California desert. While the kids cannonballed into the saltwater pool and my wife sped through several novels, I spent my time in the sun doing exactly the sort of thing you’d imagine an opinion columnist might do on summer vacation: I read two hot new books about macroeconomics. As the Ebola epidemic raged in 2014, some West Africans resisted public health guidance. Some hid their symptoms or continued practicing burial rituals — like washing the bodies of their dead loved ones — despite the risk of infection. Others spread conspiracies claiming the virus was sent by Westerners or suggested it was all a hoax. In Conakry, Guinea’s capital city, an imam was arrested for violating his quarantine, and residents protested by not letting health officials check for fevers. When I called Mary Proffitt at her home in Lexington, Ky., last week, the 63-year-old lifelong Kentuckian picked up the phone and rap was blaring in the background. “Hold on, let me get away from the concert here,” she said, laughing. “My 12-year-old is making music.” The billionaire Sacklers who own Purdue Pharma, maker of the OxyContin painkiller that helped fuel America’s opioid epidemic, are among America’s richest families. And if they have their way, the federal court handling Purdue’s bankruptcy case will help them hold on to their wealth by releasing them from liability for the ravages caused by OxyContin. New York’s Legislature is meeting virtually, for the most part, this week, tackling unfinished business amid the coronavirus pandemic that has wreaked havoc on the state’s health and its finances. Since George Floyd’s murder, America has begun a remarkable reckoning with racial injustice. People of every race and generation have come together in largely peaceful protests across the nation to halt police brutality, which is disproportionately directed at people of color. But many Americans are demanding much more — that we finally redress the systemic racism that persists in this country, understanding that it diminishes us all. Americans may have lost faith in their most cherished institutions — the presidency, Congress, the media, perhaps even democracy itself — but 65 percent of them still believe in Dr. Anthony Fauci. Some presidents, when they get into trouble before an election, try to “wag the dog” by starting a war abroad. Donald Trump seems ready to wag the dog by starting a war at home. Be afraid — he just might get his wish. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Doctors caring for patients track vital signs of temperature, blood pressure, breathing and pulse. Public health doctors fighting epidemics do something similar — they track the most important indicators of the spread of a disease and attempts to control it. The Greek philosopher Aristotle did not merely condone slavery, he defended it; he did not merely defend it, but defended it as beneficial to the slave. His view was that some people are, by nature, unable to pursue their own good, and best suited to be “living tools” for use by other people: “The slave is a part of the master, a living but separated part of his bodily frame.” Something dangerous is taking shape within the Department of Homeland Security. Is there any lonelier position in sports than goalie? Bret Stephens: Hi Gail. Have I ever mentioned the fact that I’m a big fan of the film “Gladiator?” It has so much that’s relevant to the Trump era: a mad emperor; his terrified female companion; a cowed Senate; bread and circuses and blood sport; and an eerie resemblance between the Proximo character (the great Oliver Reed) and Steve Bannon. Americans stayed at home and sacrificed for months to flatten the curve and prevent the spread of the coronavirus. That gave us time to take the steps needed to address the pandemic — but President Trump squandered it, refusing to issue national stay-at-home guidelines, failing to set up a national testing operation and fumbling production of personal protective equipment. Now, Congress must again act as this continues to spiral out of control. Here is what Donald Trump can realistically do to right his poll numbers, regain his lost supporters and make the 2020 presidential race close instead of a 10-point Joe Biden blowout. Leaked news this month that China and Iran had come to the verge of signing a 25-year trade and military partnership agreement struck like a geopolitical storm in Washington — a rising rival of America and a longtime foe joining forces to threaten the United States’s predominant position in the Middle East. We’re now at the stage of the Covid-19 pandemic where Donald Trump and his allies are trying to suppress information about the coronavirus’s spread — because, of course, they are. True to form, however, they’re far behind the curve. From a political point of view (which is all they care about), their disinformation efforts are too little, too late. HOUSTON — The only word to describe life here right now is this: hell. The month after Donald Trump’s inauguration, the Yale historian Timothy Snyder published the best-selling book “On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons From the Twentieth Century.” It was part of a small flood of titles meant to help Americans find their bearings as the new president laid siege to liberal democracy.  This month, environmentalists celebrated setbacks to three major oil and gas pipelines, nearly a decade after the protests against the Keystone XL pipeline began. Yet what goes around can come around. Legal strategies that have derailed pipelines can also be turned against clean energy projects urgently needed to combat climate change. Earlier this month in the United Nations Security Council, the world saw a preview of what Russian and Chinese global “leadership” looks like: a world order where the most vulnerable suffer for the political gains of those at the top. “All labor has dignity,” the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. told striking sanitation workers in Memphis more than 50 years ago. The recent decision by the Turkish government to reconvert the majestic Hagia Sophia, which was once the world’s greatest cathedral, from a museum back to a mosque has been bad news for Christians around the world. They include Pope Francis, who said he was “pained” by the move, and the spiritual leader of Eastern Christianity, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, who said he was “saddened and shaken.” When contrasted with the joy of Turkey’s conservative Muslims, all this may seem like a new episode in an old story: Islam vs. Christianity. The debate about reopening schools seems to pit parents and their employers against teachers. But there is actually a solution that would let grown-ups go back to work, educate kids and keep everyone safe at the same time. Researchers have responded to the challenge of the coronavirus with a commitment to speed and cooperation, featuring the rapid sharing of preliminary findings through “preprints,” scientific manuscripts that have not yet undergone formal peer review. There was something of a scramble, after the Supreme Court ruled in McGirt v. Oklahoma that much of Eastern Oklahoma was now officially Indian Country. Once, my life was made of bread. I was the pastor of a “dinner church” where our worship took the form of a meal we cooked and ate together. Our church was filled not with pews, but with tables. Not with the heady smell of incense, but onions softening in olive oil and rosemary as the bread warmed in the oven. It never ceases to amaze me how more people aren’t outraged, shocked and disgusted by Donald Trump’s cruelty and malfeasance. Imagine a country, a major Western economic power, where the coronavirus arrived late but the government, instead of denying and delaying, acted early. It was ready with tests and contact tracing to “flatten the curve” swiftly and limited its death rate to orders of magnitude lower than that of any other major Western industrial nation. Containing the virus allowed for a brief and targeted lockdown, which helped limit unemployment to only 6 percent. Amid a shower of international praise, the country’s boringly predictable leader experienced a huge spike in popular approval, to 70 percent from 40 percent. In 2001, when I was still attending college, David Brooks wrote an essay for The Atlantic called “The Organization Kid,” in which he spent a lot of time with young Ivy Leaguers and came away struck by their basic existential contentment. Instead of campus rebels, they were résumé builders and accomplishment collectors and apple polishers, distinguished by their serenity, their faux-adult professionalism, their politesse. When Autumn Lee, a pre-med junior at the University of New Mexico, needs to download lectures or class assignments, she hops in her car and drives 45 minutes to the McDonald’s nearest to her town of Sanders, Ariz., to connect to reliable Wi-Fi from her car. After the university sent students home because of the coronavirus pandemic, Ms. Lee grew frustrated with what she said is expensive and data-restricted internet service in Sanders, an unincorporated village of fewer than 1,000 people in eastern Arizona. Relying on her smartphone data plan wasn’t much of an alternative. “It took one or two hours to watch a 20-minute lecture,” she said. “I just got so frustrated, I figured there had to be another way.” So she made the 40-mile trek several times each week — and she’ll likely have to keep doing it now that the school has canceled nearly all in-person classes for the fall. John Lewis, the civil rights icon, died on Friday. He had announced in December that he had Stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida said something remarkably stupid the other day. I know, I know: it’s probably harder to find a day on which DeSantis didn’t say something stupid than a day on which he did. But this particular piece of thickheadedness, I’d argue, helps us understand why America’s response to the coronavirus has been so disastrous compared with other wealthy nations. WASHINGTON — Never mind Johnny Depp and Amber Heard. SEDRO-WOOLLEY, Wash. — Every day when I walk into work as a public-school teacher, I am prepared to take a bullet to save a child. In the age of school shootings, that’s what the job requires. But asking me to return to the classroom amid a pandemic and expose myself and my family to Covid-19 is like asking me to take that bullet home to my own family. Representative John Lewis, who died Friday at age 80, will be remembered as a principal hero of the blood-drenched era not so long ago when Black people in the South were being shot, blown up or driven from their homes for seeking basic human rights. The moral authority Mr. Lewis exercised in the House of Representatives — while representing Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District for more than 30 years — found its headwaters in the aggressive yet self-sacrificial style of protests that he and his compatriots in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee deployed in the early 1960s as part of the campaign that overthrew Southern apartheid. In 2014, there were 211 homicides in the city of Baltimore. The following year, there were 342, an astonishing increase of 62 percent. The murder rate has barely budged since. Early on Tuesday morning, while much of the country was still asleep, the federal government executed its first death-row prisoner in 17 years. We are among the lawyers who represented the prisoner who was killed, Daniel Lee. The last time I was in a church was the week before New York City’s coronavirus lockdown, nearly five months and a lifetime ago. In recent weeks we’ve heard a lot from teachers who are worried about whether it will be safe to go back to the classroom this fall. We’ve also heard a lot from parents who want to keep their kids healthy but at the same time are desperate to get them out of the house. The people we haven’t heard from are the kids themselves. PARIS — Perhaps the root of the mutual fascination that binds France and the United States is that each sees itself as an idea, a model of some kind for the rest of the world. This is an immodest but tenacious notion, bound up with the founding articles and myths of both republics. No other countries make such claims for the universality of their virtue. The New York State Legislature has before it an important bill that would discourage abusive lawsuits filed with the sole purpose of silencing critics. Known as SLAPPs, for strategic lawsuits against public participation, the suits are deliberate misuses of the legal system intended to choke off free speech. Thursday night marked the 50th consecutive night of demonstrations in Portland, Ore. The protests began after the killing of George Floyd — tens of thousands of people took to the streets to protest police violence and racial injustice. Since then, the protests have grown smaller, but clashes between law enforcement officers and protesters have escalated — on July 12, videos circulated of a federal officer shooting a protester in the head with a nonlethal munition, resulting in a skull fracture. Coverage of the unrest has caught the attention of President Trump, who vowed to “dominate” the protesters with federal law enforcement officers. “The time to honor the slave-owning founders of our imperfect union is past. The ground, which should have moved long ago, has at last shifted beneath us,” Lucian K. Truscott IV writes in his recent Opinion essay, “I’m a Direct Descendant of Thomas Jefferson. Take Down His Memorial.” An acquaintance came to me a few weeks ago with the rough draft of a letter about free speech and asked me to sign. I declined, in part because it denounced “cancel culture.” As I wrote in an email, the phrase “‘cancel culture,’ while it describes something real, has been rendered sort of useless because it’s so often used by right-wing whiners like Ivanka Trump who think protests against them violate their free speech.” The Sunday Review editor Honor Jones wrote about our decision to publish this story about the white supremacy movement in Friday’s edition of our Opinion Today newsletter. When we lived in Italy some years ago, our family of four would sometimes visit a family of more — a married couple and nonna playing with her grandkids in the garden, an uncle with a mental disability, and the brother who never launched, all living in a modest house of weathered stone. As everyone who’s ever been a boyfriend, or a girlfriend, or a spouse or a lover or a partner or even a friend with benefits — that is, anyone who’s ever liked or loved anyone — knows, it can take a long time to muster the courage to say exactly what you want. I confess: I have a TikTok-designated burner phone. Watching and discussing films and TV shows has always been a source of connection within my family. I remember watching “Gone With the Wind” with my parents as a child, and recall my mother shaking her head in disapproval at Hattie McDaniel’s stereotypical Mammy character. My father countered by noting the strength of her performance and how she dominated every scene in which she appeared. This article is part of the Opinion Today free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every weekday. On July 9, former Vice President Joseph Biden announced a new slogan for his campaign: “Build Back Better.” In economic terms the tag line makes sense even if it lacks moral inspiration. It complements the call others have made for a “Building Back Freer” Covid-19 recovery process that both incorporates our current racial reassessment in the United States and responds to an escalating crisis of labor exploitation and modern slavery across the globe. NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — When I entered the police force in Virginia in 1987, I was one of the few Black officers in my department. On my first day on patrol, I was paired with an experienced white officer. As we prepared to hit the streets, he went over what he expected from me as a rookie. Then he pulled away from the curb and added, offhandedly: “Oh, if I call someone a nigger tonight, don’t get upset. It’s not directed at you, it’s directed at them.” Some of us knew from the beginning that Donald Trump wasn’t up to the job of being president, that he wouldn’t be able to deal with a crisis that wasn’t of his own making. Still, the magnitude of America’s coronavirus failure has shocked even the cynics. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The first thing you’ll notice is the quiet. If Joe Biden wins this thing, there will be no disgraceful presidential tweets and no furious cable segments reacting to them on Inauguration Day. Last month, Sarah Hegazi, a 30-year-old Egyptian L.G.B.T.Q. rights activist, took her own life in Canada. Far away from Cairo, her home, she was profoundly haunted by what had happened to her there over the past two and a half years, having been arrested, tortured and hounded into exile. Her transgression? She raised the rainbow flag — unabashedly and joyously — at a concert in Cairo. LONDON — Soon after I was informed in mid-March that my journalist visa for China had been canceled, I faced a dilemma: what to do with my collection of wooden staffs used in a style of Chinese martial arts that I had been practicing for nearly 10 years. As Covid-19 cases surge to their highest levels in dozens of states, the nation’s testing effort is on the brink of paralysis because of widespread delays in getting back results. And that is very bad news, because even if testing is robust, the pandemic cannot be controlled without rapid results. Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: For once, the conventional wisdom was right: The Supreme Court term that ended last week was a triumph for Chief Justice John Roberts. But, as usual, the conventional wisdom skims the surface, focusing on the obvious: his steering of the court toward a center comfortably aligned with public opinion, and protecting it from an institutionally destructive alliance with a president who assumed the court would do his bidding. AUBURN, Ala. — What is it like to live in this small college town during ordinary times? It’s nice. KARACHI, Pakistan — I’ve made a few condolence calls during the past few months. None of the people I called to condole about had died of Covid-19. I was always given another reason. The American presidency is starting to feel like a gerontocracy. Just one in six Americans in a poll last month was “proud” of the state of the country, and about two out of three were actually “fearful” about it. So let me introduce a new thought: “hope.” When America detonated the world’s first atomic bomb at 0529 hours on July 16, 1945, it was an attack on American soil. Increased public scrutiny of American policing — through cellphone videos, social media and mass protests — has revealed in recent weeks an urgent need for sustained and systemic reform. The New York Police Department has chosen to respond by pressing ahead with new rules to grant wider latitude to bar journalists from covering official police activity. I hope by now you’ve managed to come to grips with the fact that we’re no longer going to have Jeff Sessions in our lives. This article is part of Frank Bruni’s free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every Wednesday. Lindsay, welcome back to your 15th year with our online tax prep service! We have just a few simple questions to help you get started. On July 26, an unemployment insurance benefits program providing an extra $600 per week to more than 30 million jobless Americans will expire. The coronavirus pandemic has set loose a recession of shocking speed and severity. In the coming months, the actions taken by both the public and the private sectors will have economic and public health repercussions that will reverberate for years. Rain fell in New York City four days before Christmas of 2018. Francis M. had planned to be in the city that day for business, but he had dutifully put aside time when asked to answer questions at the Archdiocese of New York offices about his experiences with “Uncle Ted” — former Cardinal Theodore McCarrick. In America, you should always get a little suspicious when politicians suddenly start calling you a hero. It’s a well-worn trick; they’re buttering you up before sacrificing you to the gods of unconstrained capitalism and governmental neglect. Who’s the world’s worst leader at handling the pandemic? Easy. Donald Trump. Right? Well, as terrible as Mr. Trump is, a Brazilian YouTube star, Felipe Neto, argues it’s actually his president, Jair Bolsonaro. Nearly 140,000 Americans have been lost to coronavirus, and many experts fear that the deaths will only accelerate in the fall as cold weather forces us indoors. By year’s end, half as many Americans may have died as did in the four years of World War II. As the coronavirus continues to wreak havoc across the United States, some public K-12 schools may be able to reopen safely, but doing so will not be cheap. A recent report from the Council of Chief State School Officers estimated that public K-12 schools will need as much as $245 billion in additional funding to open with the recommended protocols in place from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Yet with local and state budgets strapped, many schools are likely to fall short unless they receive considerable federal support. As the Supreme Court ends its term and a momentous presidential election looms ahead, the contrast between the Roberts court and the country could hardly be starker. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Unemployment benefits provide people who lose jobs with a little help for a little while. The money is not really enough to live on, by design: People are supposed to find a new job. Within the first few weeks of states’ going into lockdown, reports began flooding in from domestic violence hotline centers throughout the country: They were seeing spikes in calls. But as sheltering-in-place dragged on, the calls for help dropped off. To those familiar with the dynamics of intimate-partner violence, this was not a good thing. Confronted with a deadly virus, many American colleges and universities are choosing to protect their communities by teaching fall classes largely or entirely online. Last week, the federal government deliberately disrupted those plans by proposing a new rule that would have prevented potentially hundreds of thousands of foreign students from studying in the United States this fall if their classes were taught remotely. IZMIR, Turkey — President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey on Friday issued a decree ordering the Hagia Sophia, a majestic 65,000-square-foot stone structure from the sixth century in Istanbul, to be opened for Muslim prayers. The same day, a top Turkish court had revoked the 1934 decree by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of the Turkish republic, which had turned it into a museum. On June 30, California’s Department of Fair Employment and Housing regulators sued Cisco Systems Inc., for discrimination. The cause was not, like most workplace discrimination lawsuits, based on race, gender, age or sexual orientation. It was based on caste. Cancel culture is destroying liberalism. No, cancel culture doesn’t exist. No, it has always existed; remember when Brutus and Cassius canceled Julius Caesar? No, it exists but it’s just a bunch of rich entitled celebrities complaining that people can finally talk back to them on Twitter. No, it doesn’t exist except when it’s good and the canceled deserve it. Actually, it does exist, but — well, look, I can’t explain it to you until you’ve read at least four open letters on the subject. TULSA, Okla. — It was an ordinary July morning in the Arts District of the Muscogee Creek Nation territory here. Already hot and set to get hotter. I was inside my house fooling with some lyrics when my husband burst in. “We won!” he announced. The cellphone in his hand carried the breaking news. “We won the McGirt v. Oklahoma decision!” Attorney General Bill Barr reportedly opposed President Trump’s commutation of Roger Stone’s prison sentence for seven felonies — the latest act by this administration to undermine the rule of law. If Mr. Barr’s resistance is to be believed, the Department of Justice still has a path to vindicate the rule of law by putting Mr. Stone before a grand jury. This article has been updated to reflect news developments. In New York, a 1-year-old boy was fatally shot over the weekend, one of the latest victims in a surge of violence that has rattled an already traumatized city. As of Monday, New York City had had 634 shootings this year, up from 394 at the same time last year, according to Police Department data. For the past few years, I’ve taught a seminar on the sociology of the police at Colby College in Maine. My students, mostly progressive, ask me whether there’s anything they can do to help solve some of the serious problems that exist in policing, such as racial inequities in the use of force, the overpolicing of minority neighborhoods and rogue officers who lie to justify arrests. Today, young people all over the country are asking the same question. An elaborate public funeral was held on Monday in Seoul, South Korea, in honor of the city’s mayor, Park Won-soon, a prominent human rights lawyer and confidant of President Moon Jae-in. Mr. Park was found dead last week, by suicide, hours after a personal assistant in his office filed a claim of sexual abuse and harassment against him. If you’re lucky enough to live in New Zealand, the coronavirus nightmare has been mostly over since June. After more than two weeks with no new cases, the government lifted almost all restrictions that month. The borders are still shut, but inside the country, normal life returned. A brief history of the past four months in America: In 1973, I served as an assistant special prosecutor for the Watergate Special Prosecution Force, which investigated the connection between the White House and the break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters, the subsequent cover-up and other crimes connected with the White House under Richard Nixon. Last year, in July, a month after the protests over an extradition bill began in Hong Kong, I renewed the lease on my flat. For the first time since I turned 18, I would be living in the same apartment for more than two years. It felt like an accomplishment, like I was a real adult. Back when Donald Trump was running for president in 2016, Republican leaders claimed to believe that, as president, Mr. Trump would respect the rule of law. “I still believe we have the institutions of government that would restrain someone who seeks to exceed their constitutional obligations,” Senator John McCain said. “We have a Congress. We have the Supreme Court. We’re not Romania.” Actors of color trying to make it in Hollywood face a paradox: To succeed, you need to stand out from the crowd while assimilating as much as possible. Be yourself while fitting in. And if you aspire to be like one of those leading men you grew up watching on TV, well, you better look the part. Step 1: Calm those curls. In the video above, Dominican-American actor Christopher Rivas reflects from the barber’s chair on the hundreds of crew cuts he’s gotten over the course of his career in hopes of appeasing casting directors who have a certain unwavering vision of how a star actor looks. In the middle of a catastrophic public health crisis, the Trump administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn the entire Affordable Care Act. This is dangerous for many reasons — but for women, it’s devastating. They would be stripped of the protections they have had in the decade since passage of the law, known as Obamacare. Over the last few weeks, America’s elite colleges and universities have been announcing their reopening strategies one by one, weighing explicit health imperatives against implicit economic ones. Most have landed on a disappointing-but-realistic conclusion: The fall semester of 2020 will have to involve an alloy of in-person and remote learning. Many college students will experience only an attenuated version of campus life — if they get to experience it at all. Did President Trump know about U.S. intelligence community assessments that the Russians had offered bounties to the Taliban for attacks against U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan? He hasn’t so far offered a direct answer but instead shifting, manipulative responses. I think I echo many Americans, and people of the world in general, when I say that I’m having a hard time fully grappling with the gravity of this moment. The first letter arrived dated March 31, 2020. It was from a close childhood friend, later turned college roommate, with whom I regularly keep in touch via instant texts, FaceTimes and phone calls, as most 20-somethings do. Roger J. Stone Jr. made it no secret that he was desperate for President Trump to commute his 40-month prison sentence for impeding a congressional inquiry and other crimes. WASHINGTON — Sleepy Joe and Creepy Joe haven’t worked. So now they’re trying Sticky-Fingered Joe. Should you have any doubt about how passionately George Conway and the other Never Trumpers at the Lincoln Project want to defeat the president, check out their ads. As we pull down controversial statues and reassess historical figures, I’ve been wondering what our great-grandchildren will find bewilderingly immoral about our own times — and about us. It is quite extraordinary that a pandemic originating in a Chinese province, a disease whose initial cover-up briefly seemed likely to deal a grave blow to the Communist regime, has instead given China a geopolitical opportunity unlike any enjoyed by an American rival since at least the Vietnam War. African-Americans were nonpersons in the eyes of the state when the federal government started to name U.S. Army installations for Confederate officers. Black people in the South were being lynched with impunity for such offenses as seeking the vote, competing with white people in business or simply failing to give way on the sidewalk. President Trump said on Thursday that he “aced” a cognitive test administered at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. LOUDONVILLE, N.Y. — A few weeks back, our 9-year-old neighbor, Nealy, cornered me in the driveway. Since summer camp was canceled, she said, and because she is technically too young to babysit (though fully capable of doing so), she wanted to offer her services as a mother’s helper. She would come over and watch my children — ages 20 months and just-turned-3 — so that I could get things done around the house. The uprisings in response to the killing of George Floyd are far different from anything that has come before. Not just because they may be the largest in our history, or that seven weeks in, people are still in the streets (even if the news media has largely moved on). But also because, for the last few years, organizers have been thinking boldly. PARIS — Think of postwar European institutions as an elaborate shield against fascism. The European Union diluting nationalist identity; the welfare state cushioning the social divisions dictators may exploit; NATO transforming the United States into a European power and the ultimate protector of democracy against totalitarian ideologies. Q: I think I have it. Last week, I posted about my breast cancer diagnosis on Facebook. Since then, my Facebook feed has featured ads for “alternative cancer care.” The ads, which were new to my timeline, promote everything from cumin seeds to colloidal silver as cancer treatments. Some ads promise luxury clinics — or even “nontoxic cancer therapies” on a beach in Mexico. I had hoped to write about electric bikes this week, as part of my ongoing effort to live without a car. I was also considering weighing in on Uber’s purchase of the Postmates food delivery service and its implications for the already beleaguered restaurant industry. Or, perhaps the rumors that Twitter is considering a subscription service. Or, and this is interesting, the spectacular I.P.O. of the insurance industry disrupter Lemonade. American children need public schools to reopen in the fall. Reading, writing and arithmetic are not even the half of it. Kids need to learn to compete and to cooperate. They need food and friendships; books and basketball courts; time away from family and a safe place to spend it. Like many people I know, I’ve maintained my sanity by doing things that I am not proud of — things I’ve done in secret. It’s 2022, and the coronavirus has at long last been defeated. After a miserable year-and-a-half, alternating between lockdowns and new outbreaks, life can finally begin returning to normal. When Richard Nixon declared, “People have got to know whether or not their president is a crook,” we often forget that he wasn’t talking about Watergate. He was speaking about compliance with tax law. The public had a “right to know,” in this case, what was in his returns and if he had followed the law. Two weeks ago, I asked Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, what a functioning Department of Education would be doing to prepare the country to reopen schools in the fall. Back in March, when Congress was debating pandemic relief, Senator Rick Scott of Florida spoke out against a Democratic plan to greatly expand federal unemployment insurance. “The moment we can go back to work, we cannot create an incentive for people to say ‘I don’t need to come back to work because I can do better some place else,’ ” Scott said at a news conference in support of an amendment that would strike the program from the bill. “These employers are going to need these workers to rebuild this economy, so we cannot pay people more money on unemployment than what they would get in their jobs.” Ten minutes and an oath. That’s all that stands between me and American citizenship. After filling out a 20-page application, paying almost a thousand dollars, organizing piles of supporting documents, planning my life around five years of residency requirements and waiting another two — as well as F.B.I. background checks, InfoPass appointments and a civics test — 10 minutes and the recitation of 140 words is all I need. To fill the void created by not being able to play basketball for months, I’ve cobbled together a daily workout. I jump rope, I do some light weight lifting, I think real long and hard about doing some push-ups, and I take walks around my neighborhood. It’s a grid and it’s relatively flat, so it’s an easy walk. I follow a path that takes me up and down each street until I’ve reached 10,000 steps, the arbitrary point where I feel accomplished enough to give myself permission to eat an ice cream bar. A little over 240 years ago, two of my ancestors put on the uniform of George Washington’s Continental Army and marched into battle, willing to die if it meant bringing their fledgling nation inches closer to independence. Centuries later, in 1992, I followed in their footsteps and joined the Army. For decades, originalists — many of them conservatives — have argued that courts should interpret the Constitution and other law in keeping with its original meaning. And their views have gained power. Both of President Trump’s appointments to the Supreme Court — Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh — have described themselves as originalists, leading many to hope or fear that they would form a conservative majority with Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Samuel Alito. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. In two major cases on Thursday, the Supreme Court rejected President Trump’s attempt to avoid all legal scrutiny of his financial records and reaffirmed the principle that undergirds any democratic society: No one, not even the president, is above the law. This is a hard, exhausting time. But it’s also a pivot point. An idealistic generation is rising on the scene hungering to fill the spiritual vacuum their parents left them. There is a palpable desire for solidarity, to shake off an excessively individualistic culture. The first reports on Thursday’s Supreme Court decisions dealing with the subpoenas for President Trump’s financial records sounded like bad news for the president in his effort to keep them hidden. But don’t be fooled. There were actually two winners, and you wouldn’t know that from the headlines: the president and Chief Justice John Roberts. I don’t know about you, but I’m feeling more and more as if we’re all trapped on the Titanic — except that this time around the captain is a madman who insists on steering straight for the iceberg. And his crew is too cowardly to contradict him, let alone mutiny to save the passengers. Democrats have largely led big and midsize cities for much of the past half-century. Yet the gaps in socioeconomic outcomes between white people and people of color are by several measures at their worst in the richest, bluest cities of the United States. Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: If a vaccine for the coronavirus is developed tomorrow, will you take it? Facebook’s long-awaited civil rights audit is now public and it isn’t flattering. The 100-plus-page report laid bare many of the issues facing the platform — that Facebook does not fully understand how its algorithms drive hate, that anti-Muslim speech is “rampant,” that Facebook’s reforms never fix the problem — and warned the company may be “driving people toward self-reinforcing echo chambers of extremism.” As coronavirus lockdowns crept across the globe this winter and spring, an unusual sound fell over the world’s metropolises: the hush of streets that were suddenly, blessedly free of cars. City dwellers reported hearing bird song, wind and the rustling of leaves. (Along with, in New York City, the intermittent screams of sirens.) Some Supreme Court watchers have been quick to interpret recent decisions as skirmishes in American “culture wars” — with some decisions (on abortion and sexual orientation) siding with the cultural left and others (on religion) siding with the cultural right. Now that we are deep into protests over racism, inequality and police brutality — protests that I’ve come to see as a revisiting of Freedom Summer —  it is clear that Donald Trump sees the activation of white nationalism and anti-otherness as his path to re-election. We are engaged in yet another national conversation about race and racism, privilege and oppression. Let’s pretend there was an order of nuns with a particular devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. So much so that the order had, over the years, decided that any human heart was a holy symbol, and it was immoral to mess with it, even if you were a physician doing cardiac surgery. Yaniliz Rosario, 19, was making Snapchat playlists for a watch party for an event that some may assume teenagers don’t typically get excited about — a school board meeting. High schoolers logged on, flooding the chat box on Zoom with questions, as Ms. Rosario curated song suggestions and gave them shout-outs. Well, that didn’t take long. In one of his philosophical parables, the Taoist philosopher Zhuangzi (fourth century B.C.) describes a man he calls Splay-limb Shu. This man’s “chin is sunk in his belly,” Zhuangzi writes. “His shoulders are above his head, and pinched together so they point to the sky. His five organs are on top, his thighs tight against his ribs.” In Zhuangzi’s era as in our own, most people would consider Splay-limb Shu to be unfortunate. I was 22 in 1993 when Yitzhak Rabin and Yasir Arafat shook hands on the White House lawn to officially begin the peace process that many hoped would create a Palestinian state alongside Israel. I’ve been arguing for a two-state solution — first in late-night bull sessions, then in articles and speeches — ever since. As I filled out my absentee ballot for the Maine primary, I was overcome with a familiar sense of dejection. The nation’s faltering attempt to contain the Covid-19 pandemic has revealed once again the role of political partisanship in every aspect of American society. Joe Biden and Donald Trump may not agree on much, but one thing unites them, and it’s no small matter: Both support investing trillions of dollars in a nationwide infrastructure campaign. Both recognize, in their own way, the power of such spending to create jobs and revitalize communities, and invest in the future. WASHINGTON — In response to the Black Lives Matter protests, the N.F.L. has decided to play “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” known as the Black national anthem, in Week 1 of its coming season. Millions of families with college-age children face a difficult choice. As school after school announces that it will welcome students back to campus this fall, many classes — perhaps most — may continue to be held online. A survey of college students in the spring found that about 75 percent were disappointed with the online learning experience during the lockdown. Is it worth paying as much as $30,000 per semester for that sort of education? This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. There’s a lot still missing from the reports that Russia paid for attacks on American and other coalition forces in Afghanistan. That’s why it’s critical that emotions and politics be kept at bay until the facts are in. Some important context might come from a hearing on the matter by the House Foreign Affairs Committee on Thursday, even though Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state, has declined to attend. Looking back, I can see it was the definition of overkill. But a few weeks ago, I decided that what my family needed, in the summer of 2020, was a horror movie. So my husband and daughters and I headed to the drive-in movie theater in Wellfleet, Mass., to watch a 45th anniversary rerelease of “Jaws.” I worry about Joe Biden debating Donald Trump. He should do it only under two conditions. Otherwise, he’s giving Trump unfair advantages. It’s time for Mark Zuckerberg to really start listening. When inmates are released from Huntsville Unit, the oldest state prison in Texas, the first destination for many is the nearby Greyhound bus station. Every weekday, the bus station becomes a site of reflection for men who’ve spent months, or decades, imprisoned. The short documentary above was filmed before the pandemic but captures the precarious period experienced by the estimated 600,000 people released annually from federal and state prisons across the country. With nothing much more than the clothes on their backs, a bus voucher and a $100 release check, these formerly incarcerated men grapple with the excitement and uncertainty that come with freedom. MEXICO CITY — The CCTV footage taken just after dawn on June 26 shows a dozen armed men crowded in the back of a truck blocking a road in Mexico City’s wealthy Lomas de Chapultepec district. Minutes later, the gunmen fired over 150 rounds at the armored car of the city’s police chief, Omar García Harfuch. Three people died in the attack, including two bodyguards; Chief García Harfuch survived gunshot wounds in the clavicle, shoulder and knee. “Our Nation has to continue confronting cowardly organized crime,” he tweeted from his hospital bed. Maria Carmen Tapia has learned a host of new skills in the last few months. The 42-year-old housekeeper and all her colleagues at the housekeeping app Up & Go were trained by Occupational Safety and Health Administration-authorized trainers, learning to put on protective gear correctly and establish safety protocols to keep themselves and their clients safe during the pandemic. Donald Trump made his name in Republican Party politics as a “birther,” a true believer in — and an evangelist for — the racist conspiracy theory that Barack Obama was a foreign-born, illegitimate president. Having stoked a wave of white grievance and resentment, Trump rode it, first to influence — let’s not forget that Mitt Romney came to receive Trump’s endorsement in person during the 2012 presidential race — and then to the summit of power as president himself. What is up with Chief Justice John Roberts? Has he been cowed by political pressure to move left? Is there a method to his apparent maddening pattern of trading off conservative opinions with liberal ones? “Our form of government has no sense unless it is founded in a deeply felt religious faith,” Dwight Eisenhower said in 1952, “and I don’t care what it is.” In 2017, after the violent clashes in Charlottesville, Va., President Trump said of white supremacists defending a statue of Robert E. Lee: “I wonder, is it George Washington next week? And is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop?” Bret Stephens: Gail, I hope you had a fun and happy Fourth of July weekend. Did you spend any of it watching reruns of Donald Trump’s Mount Rushmore speech? Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany is on her way out. After almost 15 years in office, the pandemic is likely to be her last great challenge. It could also be the one that seals her legacy: The virus has reconciled Germany to its chancellor. When did America start losing its war against the coronavirus? How did we find ourselves international pariahs, not even allowed to travel to Europe? The Supreme Court clearly got it right on Monday when it ruled that the Electoral College can keep working the way it has worked for the last 200 years. The coronavirus has hit the poorest the hardest, but until recently, they have mostly been in wealthy countries. Now, even as the pandemic continues to claim lives in high-income countries — and especially the United States — it’s spreading with ferocity in lower- and middle-income countries. The virus has infected at least 1.5 million people in Brazil and claimed more than 60,000 lives there. India ended June with around 600,000 cases; it started the month with just under 200,000. When my brother Frank and I were boys visiting our grandparents at their home in Virginia, just outside of Washington, we used to heckle our grandmother until she would drive us into town so we could visit the Smithsonian museum on the Mall. A few years ago I got a note from a reader (written in the tone of patient disappointment with which you might discuss pants-wearing with a naked toddler) about parentheses. I used altogether too many of them, apparently. I tried to make them hold more than their listed storage capacity. I may as well have stamped the page with coffee rings. 1. Know that, to rise to the attention of media gatekeepers, your rape story must clear a bar that love and murder and adventure and dragon stories don’t have to clear and be either horrible (gang rape, deep lacerations) or gilded (see No. 2). The new unbridled enthusiasm for the cause of Black lives reminds me of the Dr. Seuss fable “Horton Hears a Who.” Yes, of course, Americans’ health is priceless, and reining in a deadly virus that has trashed the economy would be invaluable. For decades, American workers have seen their power erode and their wages stagnate. The current crises have only made things worse. But Congress has a chance to begin the reversal of these trends and to accelerate the economic recovery by enacting a fair wage guarantee, which makes sense economically and could be a win for both major parties. Such a guarantee would function by turning the recently increased unemployment insurance benefits, which expire later this month, into a permanent wage increase for millions of Americans. As Donald Trump gave his race-baiting speeches over the Fourth of July weekend, hoping to rile his base and jump-start his flagging campaign for re-election, I was forced to recall the ranting of a Columbia University sophomore that caught the nation’s attention in 2018. NASHVILLE — On June 27, as Covid-19 cases were rising to a crisis level in Tennessee, the country music artist Chase Rice held a concert outside the Historic Brushy Mountain State Penitentiary in Petros, Tenn. Packed tightly together and wearing no masks — at least none that were visible in the video Mr. Rice posted on Instagram — fans seemed unconcerned that a deadly pandemic was unfolding around them. And probably among them, too. MEXICO CITY — President Andrés Manuel López Obrador’s visit with President Trump in Washington this week will no doubt embarrass many Mexicans and outrage many Americans. The meeting, intended to bolster Mr. Trump’s campaign, is an opportunity for Mr. López Obrador to return a favor. In the best of times, life in New York City can be unforgiving. It was hard enough, working full tilt, to cover rent, child care and food before the pandemic. Now, in the neighborhoods most devastated by the coronavirus, life has become more precarious. And the most elemental human need — food — has become a pressing, urgent concern. The value of women’s work, both paid and unpaid, has never been more apparent than during the coronavirus crisis. As Diane Coyle recently noted in The Times, women’s shift into paid employment was one of the great economic transformations in recent history, but it did not free women from their myriad unpaid roles as caregivers, homemakers and community volunteers. These six women talked to The Times about what it’s like to straddle that divide. Their quotes have been edited and condensed for clarity. The day after my father died unexpectedly at a rehabilitation center in May, I went searching through my microcassettes for the tapes he’d sent me many years ago. Every journalist of color has a story. This Fourth of July, it’s worth taking stock of the state of freedom — and of our attitudes toward it — at home and around the world. When the Times published my essay, “You Want a Confederate Monument? My Body Is a Confederate Monument,” I hoped that it would open, or even change, some minds. The greatest joys in life might be the unexpected ones. I’d put the Supreme Court’s recent decision in Bostock v. Clayton County in that category. Who expected the high court to affirm that Title VII protected L.G.B.T.Q. people from employment discrimination? And who expected Justice Neil Gorsuch to author such an opinion? It was a tremendous, surprising win for equality — and it was one that I instantly knew would barely matter for many of us who are pursuing work in Christian ministry. Simple at-home tests for the coronavirus, some that involve spitting into a small tube of solution, could be the key to expanding testing and impeding the spread of the pandemic. The Food and Drug Administration should encourage their development and then fast track approval. MIAMI — Every weeknight, I sit down next to my co-anchor Ilia Calderón to host the Spanish-language news program “Noticiero Univision.” Although our many viewers have come to know Ms. Calderón’s face, not many know how much she has had to overcome to sit in that chair. Her story, like that of many Latinos with African ancestry in the United States, is one of tremendous personal achievement, as well as astonishing perseverance in the face of deep-seated racism. From the Department of Curiosities: On Tuesday, as the number of new coronavirus cases continued to spike to record levels, the stock market closed out its strongest quarter in more than two decades. As baffling as it is to find statues of traitors, slaveholders and killers of Union soldiers ensconced in many a prominent square, consider the historical discordance of Custer County, S.D. As Congress plans another round of economic rescue, it will have to take a step that lawmakers from both parties have found distasteful for four decades: federal operating aid for mass transit. The onslaught began the day I was born. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. MONTROSE, Colo. — Around here, on Colorado’s Western Slope, the virus is known as “the Rona.” As in, “the Rona” is back. Montrose voted for Donald Trump in 2016, and he still has enough support to make masks rare. Up the way, in liberal Telluride, everyone wears them. Even disease is tribal now. Wear a mask. NARROWSBURG, N.Y. — I’ve made the trip from the North to the South and back again many times over the past five decades, first in the back of a bus in the ’60s and then by car. Whenever I traveled north, I felt that the weight of the yoke of my undeniable Blackness lessened with each mile. A lot of Republicans are acting puzzled about Donald Trump’s re-election pitch. “He has no message,” one Republican source told Reuters. “He needs to articulate why he wants a second term,” said another. Some have expressed hope that Trump would find a way to become less polarizing, as if polarization were not the raison d’être of his presidency. We Americans enter the July 4 weekend of 2020 humiliated as almost never before. We had one collective project this year and that was to crush Covid-19, and we failed. Just over two weeks ago The Wall Street Journal published an opinion piece by Vice President Mike Pence titled “There Isn’t a Coronavirus ‘Second Wave.’” The article was supposed to reassure the nation. By now, Americans have come to expect a certain level of quirkiness from Florida. All that heat and humidity does something to people — not to mention the invading hordes of Northern and Midwestern retirees in search of bountiful sunshine and friendly tax laws. In recent years, “Florida Man” has become mocking shorthand for state denizens caught in acts of flamboyant idiocy, often involving some mix of drugs, guns, cops and predatory reptiles. This weekend we celebrate the creation of the United States, though that project remains substantially incomplete. This year of crises has underscored the distance between the lofty rhetoric of our founding documents and the persistent inequalities of American life. This nation began as a set of promises that it has yet to keep. Jails around the country have become a major breeding ground for the coronavirus. And as authorities arrest, book and release thousands of people charged with low-level offenses each day, they are unwittingly unleashing the virus on the outside world. “It’s hard to separate what’s good for the United States and what’s good for Bank of America,” said its former chief executive, Ken Lewis, in 2009. That was hardly true at the time, but the current crisis has revealed that the health of the finance industry and stock market is completely disconnected from the actual financial health of the American people. As inequality, unemployment and evictions climb, the Dow Jones surges right alongside them — one line compounding suffering, the other compounding returns for investors. Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Here’s a thought experiment. You’re John Roberts, not only the chief justice of the United States but the head of the entire federal judicial branch. After 15 years on the job, you find yourself in an exquisitely tough spot. What is meat? Much of the focus on China in recent months has been over the coronavirus that originated there late last year. But that has hardly slowed Beijing’s assault on fundamental freedoms and human rights, from the brutal repression of the Uighurs to choking off Hong Kong’s limited autonomy. “We know we have more work to do.” You can call it Techpalooza. As the coronavirus rages out of control across much of the United States, Americans are acting curiously helpless. In a city staring down $9 billion in lost revenue, it is hardly revolutionary to ask the Police Department to share the pain. The summer is heating up and, with it, the Democratic Veepstakes. The party’s presumptive presidential nominee, Joe Biden, has said he wants to announce his running mate around Aug. 1. This means that somewhere out there, the campaign’s aides and advisers are in the final stages of agonizing over who’d make the perfect No. 2: Kamala Harris? Elizabeth Warren? Michelle Lujan Grisham? Tammy Duckworth? The stakes are high, and the calculation seems in constant flux. In the early morning hours of May 30, Colinford Mattis and Urooj Rahman were arrested in Brooklyn after a night of citywide protests in response to the killing of George Floyd. They are charged with throwing a Molotov cocktail through the broken window of an unoccupied police car. No one was hurt. Both have plead not guilty, but if they are convicted of the array of federal charges leveled against them, there will be no judging involved when they are sentenced: They will face mandatory sentences of 45 years in prison. Only two of the past six presidents before Donald Trump lost their bids for re-election. That’s good news for him. After many years of rejecting the people of Hong Kong’s persistent demands for genuine universal suffrage and other rights, China made its position clear again on Tuesday with the legislative equivalent of a cracking head bash. The way states lifted social distancing restrictions imposed to fight the coronavirus sadly demonstrates our priorities. Officials let bars, restaurants and gyms open, despite warnings from public health experts that these environments pose the greatest risk for spreading the disease. The public response to the demonstrations over the killing of George Floyd is now beginning to take shape more clearly along familiar ideological lines — in ways that are likely to propel politics this year and beyond, dividing left and right as Democrats and Republicans take opposing stands on the efficacy and even the legitimacy of this year’s protests against racism. You might call it poetic, if it weren’t so painful. Donald Trump won the White House largely on a campaign of shutting America’s borders to pretty much everyone other than people of European descent. “Why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here?” he once asked, about Haitians, Salvadorans and Africans. “We should have more people from places like Norway.” When the economy is in crisis, who do we turn to for help? Not corporations — it’s governments. But when the economy is flourishing, we ignore governments and let corporations soak up the rewards. What does it take for Black Americans to feel safe right now? America is, in principle, a democracy, in which every vote counts the same. It’s also a nation in which income inequality has soared, a development that hurts many more people than it helps. So if you didn’t know better, you might have expected to see a political backlash: demands for higher taxes on the rich, more spending on the working class and higher wages. It is impossible to ignore the stark disparities of income and wealth that prevail in this country, and a great many of us are troubled by this state of affairs. HAMBURG, Germany — Maybe it was no coincidence that the German government chose Leipzig as the location for the special E.U.-China summit, scheduled to take place later this year. Since at least February, and possibly as early as March 2019, the United States has had compelling intelligence that a committed adversary, Russia, paid bounties to Taliban-linked fighters to kill American troops in Afghanistan. American service members were reportedly killed as a result. I almost — but not quite — feel sorry for Donald Trump. He’s at war with two “invisible enemies” at once — the coronavirus and Joe Biden — and both remain highly elusive, the pathogen by nature and the politician by design. Thinking about the course of the Covid-19 pandemic in America, I found myself remembering Sam Smith’s history of the march to war in Iraq, told entirely in official lies. So here’s a modest attempt to do the same for the coronavirus, with statements from officials and right-wing media. I’ve grouped the statements by topic, and used chronological order within each topic. With college students and graduates burdened with over $1.5 trillion in student debt, it’s infuriating that applying for financial aid is so difficult that billions of dollars in federal aid go unclaimed, leaving many students deprived of opportunity. I made the film above to explain exactly what it means to be policed in America today. It moves from my own experiences with racial profiling as a teenager to the horrific history of police torture in Chicago. “I put the dishes in the dishwasher,” my son said to me recently, as if it was a favor rather than something he should do just because. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays. In October 2018, the world was shocked by news of the gruesome murder of a prominent Saudi journalist: Jamal Khashoggi, a critic of Saudi Arabia’s ambitious crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman. Mr. Khashoggi had been in exile, fearing for his safety, but he was lured to his country’s consulate in Istanbul with hopes of getting documents for his planned marriage. Instead, he was slain and dismembered. Even as states reopen, Covid-19 continues to lay waste to the elderly and those who care for them. This country has a long tradition of banishing ailing seniors, and this neglect extends to the workers who help them eat and dress and nourish their minds and souls. Gail Collins: Bret, long ago I wrote a trillion-part Fourth of July series of interviews with New Yorkers who were involved in the celebration of the Statue of Liberty’s 100th birthday. When it comes to hating Woodrow Wilson, I was an early adopter. Raised with the bland liberal history that hailed the 28th president as a visionary for championing the League of Nations, I picked up in college what was then a contrarian, mostly right-wing perspective — that many of Wilson’s legacies were disastrous, including an imperial understanding of the presidency that’s deformed our constitutional structure ever since, the messianic style in American foreign policy that gave us Vietnam and Iraq, and a solidification of Jim Crow under a scientific-racist guise.  Scott Stringer, the comptroller of New York City, has sons who are 7 and 8 years old. Over the last three months, like many parents, he’s tried to navigate what schools are optimistically calling “remote learning” while he and his wife both worked from home. It’s been, he told me, “one of the most challenging things I ever had to do in my life.” The Supreme Court upheld abortion rights on Monday, with Chief Justice John Roberts concurring with the liberals on the court to strike down a Louisiana anti-abortion law. The coronavirus is winning. We still don’t have adequate testing and tracing capabilities across many regions. And yet, states are reopening, assessing risk on the fly and seeing their cases surge. There is plenty of confusion around the federal appeals court decision last week that ordered Judge Emmett Sullivan to dismiss the prosecution against Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, for lying to the F.B.I. Covid-19 cases are surging in states that took Donald Trump’s advice and reopened for business too soon. This new surge — is it OK now to call it a second wave? — is, on average, hitting people younger than the initial surge in the Northeast did. Perhaps as a result, rising infections haven’t been reflected in a comparable rise in deaths, although that may be only a matter of time. The chief justice of the Supreme Court infuriated conservatives once again Monday by siding with his four more liberal colleagues to strike down a Louisiana law that would have sharply restricted the availability of abortion there by requiring providers of the procedure to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals. As our country grapples with both a pandemic and the devastating impacts of long-term systemic racism, political leaders are rightfully looking to enact policies that meaningfully benefit low-income and minority communities. Many solutions will take time, but there is one action that mayors across the country — including in New York City — can take right now to support the communities hurting the most: Restore summer jobs programs for young people. NASHVILLE — In 1954, a man called the city desk of The Tennessean, Nashville’s daily morning newspaper, to say he planned to take his own life by jumping from the Shelby Avenue Bridge. If the paper wanted the story, he said, they should send a reporter. The coronavirus is still raging, particularly in states like Texas, Arizona and Florida. We already know what it takes to beat it. We just need to do it. What if we made voting an agent of equality, not inequality? And how can we get there? Professional sports — the pinnacle of pure competition. Thirty N.B.A. teams stocked with the world’s best basketball players, all vying for one championship trophy. CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — On May 18, a 14-year-old boy was playing pool with his cousin and other teenagers in a backyard in São Gonçalo, in the metropolitan region of Rio de Janeiro. Police officers, in pursuit of a drug dealer, fired over 70 shots into the home, killing him. He was black. His name was João Pedro Matos Pinto. There have been so many others. In the early months of 2020, Americans were engaged in the perennial election-year debate over how best to reform the nation’s health care system. As usual, the electorate was torn and confused. Polling indicated that a small majority of likely voters favored a new universal system that would cover everyone. But that support evaporated when it was made clear that any such overhaul would involve abolishing the private insurance market. At the time, nearly 160 million Americans received their health benefits through an employer, and the vast majority of them liked that coverage just fine — maybe not enough to sing about it, but enough to be wary of a potential replacement. Approximately one billion news cycles ago — which is to say, on June 9 — a businesswoman named Marjorie Taylor Greene finished first in the Republican primary in Georgia’s deeply conservative 14th Congressional District, northwest of Atlanta, which means that after a runoff she’s all but assured a seat in the House of Representatives next year. On the issue of American slavery, I am an absolutist: enslavers were amoral monsters. In the summer of 1585, the mayor of Bordeaux learned, from the comfort of his nearby chateau, that the bubonic plague had burst upon his city. Those who could were fleeing, he was told, while those who could not were “dying like flies.” What to do? His term in office, on the one hand, was nearly over and his last official duty was to attend the transition ceremony. On the other hand, perhaps his duty was with those still inside the city walls. Like other crises in the past, the coronavirus pandemic has provided an opportunity for communities to act on their most exclusionary impulses. This summer, private pools and beach clubs, as well as public facilities in wealthier areas, are reopening with new measures to ensure that the general public stays out: hiring more security, aggressively checking beach tags and restricting access to residents only. HOUSTON — For one brief, delusional moment in early April, I felt a smidgen of support for my governor, Greg Abbott. Sure, part of me thought his plan to reopen the state after just a few weeks of lockdown was cuckoo. Medical experts warned of a surge in coronavirus cases if Texas did just that. CORNELIUS, Ore. — Scholars call it the “Hispanic Paradox”: Despite poverty and discrimination, Hispanic Americans live significantly longer than white or black Americans. There is something peculiar about time during the pandemic. On the one hand there’s a feeling that the normal calendar has simply stopped, school schedules and sports seasons evaporating, one homebound day passing much like another. It’s a feeling of hiatus, intermission, like the days between Christmas and the new year, or some extra season invented by a Renaissance pope to fix a lagging calendar. Whatever his wobbles, Joe Biden has, from the start of his presidential campaign, got one thing exactly right: The 2020 election is a battle for the soul of America. That’s not just a pretty slogan. It’s the stomach-knotting truth — and it’s the frame he should use for choosing his running mate. The underpinning of countless Silicon Valley success stories is a method of commerce that treats millions of workers as disposable and deprives them of protections regular employees enjoy, like employer-paid health care. Keeping Uber drivers and DoorDash food couriers classified as contractors saves the companies billions in costs and has helped fuel billions more in investor value. SAN ANTONIO — Austin Wondzell’s midnight blue S.U.V. was one of the nearly 2,000 vehicles winding through a stadium parking lot on a Friday morning in mid-May. WASHINGTON — For a long time, Republicans have brandished the same old narrative to try to scare their way into the White House. GRAFTON, Ohio — A few of us were talking at Roc and Dave’s bunk about writing a petition about keeping inmates safe during the pandemic. Suggestions of what to include were trickling in throughout the long, dragging day — through in-depth conversations or notes passed under the cell door. I bought my house in Oregon without ever having set foot in it, without ever having even been to the state. I bought it knowing I might never make it here, that I’d have to risk my life to try. In my rowhouse in the clatter of Washington, D.C., my only view was the back of another house, about as far as I’d ever been able to see during years spent largely housebound with an illness that was finally beginning to let me go. Meanwhile, in other news, Maurice, the most famous rooster in France, is dead. In a 1960 study, babies were coaxed by their mothers to crawl atop plexiglass over a sharp drop in the floor. The surface was smooth, and safe, but appeared perilous to the hapless infants. It was the “visual cliff” experiment, a classic of developmental psychology, meant to demonstrate something about infant depth perception. Regarding statues, monuments, and other public tributes to those once deemed great — which to do away with and which to keep — four familiar words can guide our choices: a more perfect union. For three months, Chelsea Alionar has struggled with fevers, headaches, dizziness and a brain fog so intense it feels like early dementia. She came down with the worst headache of her life on March 9, then lost her sense of taste and smell. She eventually tested positive for the coronavirus. But her symptoms have been stranger, and lasted longer, than most. This week, Segway announced that it will soon stop production of its famous two-wheeled Personal Transporters. It’s very possible that you had already forgotten about the Segway; the company, bought by a Chinese rival in 2015, certainly had, with less than 1.5 percent of its revenue coming from the model. NASHVILLE — I have rape-colored skin. My light-brown-blackness is a living testament to the rules, the practices, the causes of the Old South. ATLANTA — This, an old saying goes, is “the city too busy to hate,” one of the few places in America where enlightened leaders, black and white, chose prosperity over prejudice and a large black middle class emerged decades ago. Birthplace of Martin Luther King Jr., cradle of the civil rights movement, Atlanta, with its gleaming towers and porch swings, was an American exception. The city managed racial conflict through compromise. It was the black mecca. Or so the story went. Corporate chief executives have been tripping over themselves to demonstrate their support for racial justice. They’ve taken a knee, tweeted that black lives matter, donated money to advocacy groups and affirmed their commitment to inclusion. Women’s shift into paid employment in the 20th century was one of the great economic transformations in recent history. Families began buying goods such as convenience foods, vacuum cleaners and microwaves to substitute for women’s unpaid labor at home. That shift in what households buy was a primary reason for the post-World War II boom in economic growth in the United States and other rich countries. Kim Yo-jong, the only sister of North Korea’s supreme leader, Kim Jong-un, is now setting the tone of the country’s foreign policy. And if he is young and belligerent, she is younger and more belligerent still. TUCSON, Ariz. — As I write this, I have just finished my ninth consecutive overnight shift as an emergency medicine physician here. At the end of each shift I go to an Airbnb, where I have been living alone for two and a half months, away from my wife and 10-year-old daughter so that I am less likely to pass the coronavirus on to them. Since it emerged seven years ago in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting of Trayvon Martin, the Black Lives Matter movement has produced a sea change in attitudes, politics and policy. I spent a lot of time this week trying to come up with the best way to get those who make things in Silicon Valley to better understand the suicide of Alex Kearns, a student at the University of Nebraska. He killed himself after he mistakenly believed that he had a $730,000 negative balance on the millennial-popular Robinhood app, which he had downloaded to learn about investing. The situation inside the nation’s jails and prisons amid the Covid-19 pandemic has become the stuff of nightmares. Overcrowding, unsanitary conditions, shortages of personal protective equipment (not to mention soap) and restrictions on hygiene products such as hand sanitizer have turned detention facilities into a playground for the virus and a death trap for inmates — many of whom, because of age or pre-existing conditions, are at elevated risk for complications. And the threat extends far beyond the facilities themselves, endangering the families and communities that surround prison guards, nurses and other staff members. My heart sank when I read the prosecutors’ criminal complaint against Derek Chauvin, the former Minneapolis police officer who is charged with killing George Floyd. It suggests that drugs were one factor contributing to his death. Once a week, a blocklong line of men and women in surgical masks stretches down Neptune Avenue in Coney Island. Their goal is a food pantry that has cardboard containers stacked on the sidewalk in front. Earlier this year much of America went through hell as the nation struggled to deal with Covid-19. More than 120,000 Americans have now died; more than 20 million have lost their jobs. There are five gigantic changes happening in America right now. The first is that we are losing the fight against Covid-19. Our behavior doesn’t have anything to do with the reality around us. We just got tired so we’re giving up. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays. DURHAM, N.H. — My mother has vascular dementia. Her brain, damaged from a slow decline in circulation, has left her with memory loss. LOGAN, Utah — We weren’t looking for what we found. Ever since the coronavirus pandemic began keeping most of us sheltered at home, work has rapidly shifted from the cubicle to the kitchen table. A number of surveys indicate that about half of the American work force is now doing their work at home. Companies that may have once been resistant to letting employees off the in-person leash are finding that yes, work can still get done outside the confines of an office building. I have lived on both sides of American inequality. I began life in the bottom 1 percent but found my way to the top. And I know, all too personally, that the distance between the two never has been greater. CHICAGO — “The motherland is by your side” read the message printed on the plastic envelope. The characters were set in bright yellow against a crimson background, the same colors as on China’s national flag. “Genuine affection from 10,000 miles away.” That’s remarkable. Despite decades of political change — the end of enforced segregation across the South, the legalization of interracial marriage, the passage of multiple civil rights laws and more — the wages of black men trail those of white men by as much as when Harry Truman was president. That gap indicates that there have also been powerful forces pushing against racial equality. In the wake of the novel coronavirus pandemic, countless colleges and universities shifted from to A-F grades to a pass/fail system. As officials at Wellesley College explained, the general aim in doing so is to “support one another without being required to make judgments.” Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Joe Biden may be ahead in national and many battleground polls, but Democrats are still fretting about whether key constituencies will turn out in November. In particular, they worry about the level of support from young black and Hispanic voters — for good reason. After the bruising crises we’re now going through, it would be wonderful if we could somehow emerge a fairer nation. One possibility is to revive an old idea: sharing the profits. The coronavirus pandemic is still raging in this country. In fact, in more than 20 states, the number of cases is rising. More than 120,000 Americans have died from the virus. This country has a quarter of all the cases in the world even though it makes up only 4 percent of the world population. Donald Trump thinks we’re out to get him. President Trump says the coronavirus is “fading away” and pats himself on the back for “a great job on CoronaVirus” that saved “millions of U.S. lives.” I have worked in politics for over 30 years. For most of those years, there have rarely been black or brown faces at the top level of most campaigns I’ve worked on. I am often the lone voice telling a room full of campaign professionals what it’s like to be pulled over by the police when you’re a brown man. More men than women are dying of Covid-19. The numbers are striking. In Italy, men in their 50s died at four times the rate of women in their 50s. Globally, twice as many men than women may be dying of Covid-19. SEATTLE — Seattle’s police-free “autonomous zone” is coming to an end. The stories we used to tell about work went something like this: The protagonist, a white man wearing a hard hat, has a stable job in manufacturing or construction that allows him to buy a home and work toward a comfortable retirement. A massive transfer of wealth is underway and will accelerate in the coming years. Baby boomers and the generation that preceded them currently own $84 trillion, or 81 percent of all U.S. household wealth — wealth that will before long be inherited by their children and other beneficiaries. With notable abruptness, thanks to the advent of the coronavirus, much of the public has become aware of its dependence on hospital orderlies, cleaners, trash collectors, grocery workers, food delivery drivers, paramedics, mortuary technicians, and postal, shipping, maintenance, wastewater treatment, truck stop and mass transit employees — on what, to many, had been a largely invisible work force. As coronavirus cases surge in Texas and other Sun Belt states, rural hospitals are enduring a uniquely painful emergency of their own, in a world away from the I.C.U.s of New York City, or even Dallas. Companies across the United States are scrambling to address chronic diversity shortcomings in response to the peaceful protesters marching for racial justice in America. Over the past four decades, American workers have suffered a devastating loss of economic power, manifest in their wages, benefits and working conditions. The annual economic output of the United States has almost tripled, but, with the help of policymakers from both political parties, the wealthy hoarded the fruits. LONDON — Britain, bruised and wary after months of lockdown, is reopening. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays. I think it was the 50th anniversary of Woodstock last summer that finally pushed me over the edge. My favorite story in John Bolton’s book about the Trump Fun House — sorry, White House — was that President Trump appealed to China’s leader to buy more U.S. agricultural products to boost Trump’s farm vote and his re-election. News Update: On Tuesday, the United States recorded the highest single-day total of new coronavirus cases since April, according to a New York Times database. Thirty years ago, 13-year-old Derek Ho outed his older brother Jeremiah to their traditional family — and changed their lives forever. In the years that passed, Derek too came to identify as queer and returned home to seek forgiveness for what he did. The short documentary above is a portrait of love and trauma, where two brothers find themselves navigating the space between trust, faith and healing. I released a wail that sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard and traveled from my studio desk to my babysitter’s ears. Three months ago, Bernie Sanders lost his chance at the Democratic nomination, after a brief moment in which his socialist revolution seemed poised to raze the bastions of neoliberal power. But the developments of the last month, the George Floyd protests and their cultural repercussions, may prove the more significant defeat for the Sanders cause. In the winter he merely lost a presidential nomination; in the summer he may be losing the battle for the future of the left. Since the protests over the killing of George Floyd, the State Department has been rocked by internal debates, Zoom calls and discussions on how to tackle its lack of diversity. It is no secret that the American foreign service has long been dominated by white males. The coronavirus crisis has forced the federal government to step up suddenly with fiscal stimulus to sustain the U.S. economy and help avoid a global depression. This necessary intervention comes at a price — a spike in federal debt that will need to be repaid over the long term. The resulting pressure on the government, U.S. taxpayers and the broader economy will intersect with another major fiscal challenge, one that we have yet to reckon with: climate change. If there’s anything we’ve learned in the five years since Donald Trump came down that escalator, it’s that he cannot thrive without a constant stream of attention, adulation and affirmation. It’s why he’s obsessed with cable news and Fox in particular; why his cabinet meetings begin with almost worshipful praise from each of his appointees; and why he’s constantly touting his sky-high support from other Republicans. It was a brief interaction, during the first weeks of my career. There had been a stabbing, and I’d been dispatched to a block in Roxbury, a predominantly black section of Boston, to snag quotes from anyone who might know anything about what had happened. Monuments are symbols, and in times of trouble they prompt symbolic action. They went up as political statements, and they come down as political statements. But it is far easier to topple a monument or change a name than to eradicate racism or counter its long legacy. Bret Stephens: Gail, the good news is that the last few days have been filled with bad news for Donald Trump. His Tulsa rally was a total fizzle. A judge ruled that the publication of John Bolton’s tell-all memoir can proceed this week. Joe Biden is ahead of him by 12 percentage points — and that’s in the Fox News poll. Men menstruate. Some have even given birth. Women with penises and prominent larynxes walk the streets and use the ladies’ restroom. Nonbinary people wear binders and use they/them pronouns. It’s 2020. Graphs of the coronavirus curves in Britain, Canada, Germany and Italy look like mountains, with steep climbs up and then back down. The one for America shows a fast climb up to a plateau. For a while, the number of new cases in the U.S. was at least slowly declining. Now, according to The Times, it’s up a terrifying 22 percent over the last 14 days. The Supreme Court decision last week protecting the DACA program was reason for celebration, but the Trump administration’s assault on immigration isn’t over. President Trump has already said he plans to keep pushing to end DACA. But more immediately, under the guise of the pandemic, the Trump administration is turning back unaccompanied children at the border in violation of federal law. In the early 20th century the American South was ravaged by pellagra, a nasty disease that produced the “four Ds” — dermatitis, diarrhea, dementia and death. At first, pellagra’s nature was uncertain, but by 1915 Dr. Joseph Goldberger, a Hungarian immigrant employed by the federal government, had conclusively shown that it was caused by nutritional deficiencies associated with poverty, and especially with a corn-based diet. As it became certain that President Trump’s 2020 kickoff event in Tulsa, Okla., would fall well short of its expected sellout crowd, teenagers around America and K-pop fans took a victory lap. Times reporters pointed to a weeklong viral campaign by TikTok users and fans of Korean pop music (K-pop) groups to sabotage the rally. The online communities claimed to have registered for hundreds of thousands of tickets for the event to flood the Trump campaign with fake data and inflate crowd-size expectations. One part prank, one part protest. The current debate about how President Trump is abusing his role as commander in chief has an even darker, nuclear dimension. If the president can misuse his authority to deploy troops against peaceful American protesters, might he also mishandle his authority to launch nuclear weapons? As stay-at-home orders ease and cities reopen for business, many doctors and hospital administrators are calling for a quick return of health care to pre-pandemic levels. For months now, routine care has been postponed. Elective procedures — big moneymakers — were halted so that hospitals could divert resources to treating Covid-19 patients. Routine clinic visits were canceled or replaced by online sessions. This has resulted in grievous financial losses for hospitals and clinics. Medical practices have closed. Hospitals have been forced to furlough employees or cut pay. Three months ago, when New York government officials ordered nonessential businesses closed to slow the spread of coronavirus, high-end retailers sheathed their stores in plywood barriers, as though readying for civil unrest. NASHVILLE — The cabin my husband and I borrowed last week was first built in Kentucky on our friends’ family land more than 100 years ago. The timbers are rough-hewed, and you can still see the bark on some of the beams as the builders conserved every inch of the trees they felled from a forest that must have seemed endless. Our friends dismantled the cabin in 1987 and brought the timbers back to Tennessee, where they used them to build a new cabin on the Cumberland Plateau. It is now perched at the edge of a windswept bluff overlooking Lost Cove, one of the most biodiverse places in the world, right where the heavens come together with the earth. Last week’s Supreme Court ruling extending employment-discrimination protections to L.G.B.T. Americans — in a 6-to-3 decision, with a conservative justice writing the majority opinion and another conservative, the chief justice, joining it — was a milestone. Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia overjoyed many progressives and L.G.B.T. advocates, who will redouble their push for the Equality Act, a bill that passed the house in May 2019 that would ban anti-L. G.B. T. discrimination more broadly. The decision horrified many social and especially religious conservatives, who see a net of cultural and legal intolerance tightening around them. LAS VEGAS — At the MGM’s Bellagio hotel and casino, patrons are welcomed with branded pouches stocked with hand sanitizer, face masks and a stylus they can use to push elevator buttons. At the Cosmopolitan’s elevated pool, an L.C.D. screen flashes the message, “Face masks are the new tan lines.” As states and municipalities relax shelter-in-place orders, the nation seems to be racing to get the economy back to something resembling the pre-pandemic era. Restaurants, malls, cinemas, day care centers and retail stores are reopening sooner than most medical professionals think is wise. Last week, Donald Trump stood in the White House Rose Garden and announced an executive order on police reform — a list of minor, unfunded actions that incentivized some changes but mandated none. President Trump has long made clear that, for him, “rule of law” is a limited-utility slogan. By word and deed, he has demonstrated his belief that the law exists to serve him, personally and politically. Two weeks ago, I wrote that perhaps, at long last, we had reached a tipping point in Trump’s popularity, and I stand by it. On Thursday, a poll conducted by Fox News (Fox!) showed him trailing Biden by 12 percentage points; the Tulsa arena hosting his comeback rally on Saturday was two-thirds empty. The man is ripe for the ultimate “Downfall” video. Especially given his recent sojourn in an actual bunker.  On June 6, one of us attended a memorial vigil for George Floyd. The opening speaker first thanked the local Police Department for keeping the vigil safe and then went on to distinguish between the majority of police officers who do their job helping and protecting people and the few who are racist and violent. Remember early March — that week or so before we fully grasped how much our lives were about to change? I was in Washington, D.C., to attend what turned out to be one of the last in-person oral arguments at the Supreme Court for the foreseeable future — the big abortion case out of Louisiana. On his podcast, the chef David Chang recently talked about spending more time at home with his baby this spring. Mr. Chang shared stories about cooking for his son and other newfound parental responsibilities, joking that he should call the podcast “Mr. Moms.” There are leaders who are ahead of their times, leaders who are behind their times, and then there’s Donald Trump, who comes from another time altogether. He’s stuck somewhere closer to the Stone Age than to Stonewall. And the Supreme Court just told him so. It might surprise contemporary Americans that for most of our history, what we call “culture war” debates — arguments about rights, social justice, the moral organization of society — were often settled through democratic deliberation, rather than the kind of ruling the Supreme Court just delivered on gay and transgender civil rights. Congress debated and passed laws. State legislatures did the same. Constitutional amendments were proposed, passed, ratified — and when necessary, repealed. “Nobody has been tougher on China than me,” President Trump has declared repeatedly, and he is trying to exploit anti-China feelings for his re-election. He portrays Joe Biden as soft on China, and his backers have run ads denouncing “Beijing Biden.” I never told my father I was proud of him. Since cities came to exist 5,000 years ago, epidemics have shaped their fate. Corporations finally believe black lives matter. Or they at least understand that they have to make it look like they believe black lives matter. Every black southern family that I’m aware of has a cold case. The murder of a family member by a white man about which records might have disappeared or been deleted. It’s family oral tradition that keeps the story alive. “If I go, could they kill me too?” my 9-year-old son asked. His question hung in the air like thick fog. NEW DELHI — Tensions between Indian and Chinese troops have simmered since early May in the remote, high Karakoram mountains that separate India’s northern Ladakh region from the alkaline desert of Aksai Chin, which is claimed by India but controlled by China and abuts its Xinjiang province. During the coronavirus lockdown, a fifth-grade teacher, Linda, contacted me asking for help. She teaches in a school district in Southern California where over 80 percent of the students qualify for free lunches. Linda was struggling with students’ not showing up for online class. “Before the lockdown, I had started reading ‘It Ain’t So Awful, Falafel,’ so I thought of asking if you have any ideas,” she said. “The kids all related to your story about being an immigrant and having to translate for your mom.” There are a lot of reading lists being passed around among us whites. Besides books on racism and antiracism, there are documentaries to watch, conversations to unpack, privilege to be examined and a foreboding sense of work to be done. McRAE, Ga. — It’s appalling to see the seal of the U.S. State Department desecrated. Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state, has no conscience, so I assume it did not occur to him that settling scores with John Bolton, the former national security adviser, beneath that seal was wrong, an affront to the honor of every Foreign Service officer. Karl Popper once said, “A theory that explains everything, explains nothing.” John Bolton’s forthcoming memoir of his 17-month stint as Donald Trump’s national security adviser, “The Room Where It Happened,” offers a corollary: A book that tells all, yet somehow manages to tell nothing. For the last few months, my 11-year-old son, Lucian, has been busy creating his own planet. In 2015, my life was thrown off-kilter. The year opened with my getting sick: an autoimmune condition that nobody could properly diagnose, which pushed my hormones into overdrive and rendered me unable to leave the apartment for weeklong stretches. My skin reacted to seemingly everything with a loud eruption of hives that covered my face, neck and body in a painful mosaic that made the thought of wearing clothes unbearable. As I pondered my new immobility, my husband lost his job and with it, our health insurance. And just as I thought we’d figured out a way to get it all under control, my independent, healthy grandmother slipped in the middle of the night, hit her head and never woke up. On the morning of May 30, as protests over the killing of George Floyd were sweeping the country, Mary Bassett, a prominent expert at Harvard University’s public health school and New York City’s former health commissioner, sent an email to Mayor Bill de Blasio. Confederate statues are being pulled down across the South — from Birmingham, Ala., to Decatur, Ga., to Richmond, Va., the Confederacy’s former capital. The U.S. Navy and the Marines have banned public displays of the Confederate battle flag — as has NASCAR. Suppose there had been a leak from the Supreme Court early Thursday morning: The court was about to issue its long-awaited decision in the DACA case on the fate of nearly 700,000 young immigrants known as Dreamers; the vote was 5 to 4; and the majority opinion was by Chief Justice John Roberts. But the leaker didn’t know, or wouldn’t say, which way the case came out. One of the most famous men to kill a wolf was Aldo Leopold, who, as a 22-year-old forest ranger more than a century ago, slaughtered a mother and her cubs in Arizona’s Apache National Forest. Thereafter, he was forever haunted by the “fierce green fire dying” in the eyes of the elder wolf. The lynch mobs that hanged, shot or burned African-Americans alive during the early 20th century sometimes varied the means of slaughter by roping victims to cars and dragging them to death. The killers who re-enacted this barbaric ritual in Tulsa, Okla., on June 1, 1921, committed one of the defining atrocities of the Tulsa Race Massacre, the bloody conflagration during which white vigilantes murdered at will while looting and burning one of the most affluent black communities in the United States. Since the casual killing of George Floyd on camera, unprecedented protests — not policy papers — have radically shifted public opinion in support of the battle against systemic racism. The new nation being born in our streets may yet blossom into Langston Hughes’s “land that never has been yet / and yet must be” — but only if this movement refuses to let its truths be marched into the narrow cul-de-sac of “police reform.” Three years ago, the Supreme Court handed an Asian rock band named the Slants an unimaginable win when it proclaimed, in Matal v. Tam, that it was unconstitutional for the law to ban trademarks that were “disparaging.” In celebrating the band’s victory, the lead singer Simon Tam declared the case “a win for all marginalized groups,” asserting: “It can’t be a win for free speech if some people benefit and others don’t.” The tech faceplant of the week goes to Mark Zuckerberg, the Facebook chief executive, who recently released a video in which he and his wife said they were “deeply shaken and disgusted by President Trump’s divisive and incendiary rhetoric at a time when our nation so desperately needs unity.” It was a case study in how not to read the room, especially when you are in charge of a huge service that has been one of the main digital tools that has helped the president divide and set fire to the body politic. The American news cycle has become so manic and surreal that there hasn’t been much time to reflect on the revelation, in the new book by the former national security adviser John Bolton, that Donald Trump encouraged President Xi Jinping of China in the building of concentration camps for its Muslim Uighur minority. We Americans believe in education. We tend to assume that if you help a young person get a good education and the right skills, then she’ll be able to make her way in American society. Opportunity will be bountiful. Social harmony will reign. The first time I ever saw John Bolton in person, he was sitting all alone. On March 21, the Trump administration drew on a federal law on public health to effectively shut the borders to all migrants and asylum seekers in order to avert the “serious danger” of a communicable disease arriving from abroad. On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled, by a narrow majority, that the Trump administration could not immediately shut down Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a program that protects about 700,000 young immigrants known as Dreamers from deportation. Neither Abraham Lincoln nor the Republican Party freed the slaves. They helped set freedom in motion and eventually codified it into law with the 13th Amendment, but they were not themselves responsible for the end of slavery. They were not the ones who brought about its final destruction. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays. My mom drove me to my high school for the last time this morning. I walked through the halls, while I was on the phone with my A.P. government classmates for the last time. I was still saying goodbye to my classmates over the phone when I returned my textbook in the gym. Then I walked to my locker and tucked binders, a letter my English teacher encouraged us to write to ourselves at the beginning of the year and the pocket constitution I had left behind into my periwinkle backpack. “Why are they looting?” When Trump campaign officials scheduled a rally in Tulsa, Okla., on June 19, they sent what looked like a signal of approval to white supremacists. For June 19 is Juneteenth, a day celebrated by African-Americans to mark the end of slavery. And Tulsa was the site of the 1921 race massacre, one of the deadliest incidents in the long, violent offensive to deny blacks the fruits of their hard-won freedom. Monday’s momentous Supreme Court decision protecting L.G.B.T.Q. people against workplace discrimination was so big that it crashed the court’s computer system. For nearly half an hour, those of us at home, anxiously refreshing our browsers, knew that the decision had come down but could download only the first page of the headnote, the official summary: “Held: An employer who fires an individual merely for being gay or transgender violates Title VII.” THE HAGUE — In the United States and the wider world, seismic discussions are raging about the need to see justice done when fundamental human rights are violated. This is no time for any government to exert coercion against an international court that was created to do justice when there is nowhere else to turn for it. Since January, Amazon’s stock price has gone up from about $1,850 to about $2,600. The S.&P. 500 — comprising large corporate stocks dominated by technology companies — has recovered most of its recently lost value. And most highly paid professionals and managers have kept their jobs and experienced minimal changes in wealth. When I was a young man just starting off in the ministry, I knew an older Christian minister who, though deeply conservative theologically and politically, believed that it wasn’t a good idea to mandate state-written, teacher-led prayers in public schools. In response, he faced withering attacks from some in the evangelical world. Some called him a “liberal”; others called him a sellout to the other side of the culture wars. Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: What can we possibly make of the crisis that unfolded in the remote Oregon seaside town of Coquille? Mitch McConnell is up for re-election this year, and the idea of him losing is as seductive as — oh, I don’t know. Dinner in a real restaurant? Ever since George Floyd was killed by Minneapolis police officers on May 25 after a grocery store reported that he had used a counterfeit $20 there, Muslim Americans have been asking why the store’s workers called the cops in the first place. America’s annual economic output has almost tripled since 1980, even after adjusting for inflation. The income of most Americans, however, has increased much more slowly. The bottom line: Workers are getting a smaller piece of the American pie. This article is part of Frank Bruni’s free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every Wednesday. Over the past couple of months you, if you have children, have probably tried to set up some home boundaries while sheltering in place. Maybe you claimed a work space in the kitchen while trying to set up Zoom school for your kids in their bedrooms. Maybe you have mined some tips online on how to make it all work smoothly. So. How has it all worked out for you? America has swung wildly from electing, and re-electing, its first African-American president, to installing the most belligerently white chief executive in the nation’s history. For me, celebrating Juneteenth was like planning a birthday party or hosting a family reunion. My father organized the first Juneteenth gathering in Grand Prairie, Texas, in 1987 and continued his efforts throughout my childhood, implanting me in the process. Weeks before the holiday, my family and our friends would draft itineraries and search for soul food caterers, trying to create an environment different from the previous year’s, to keep people excited about attending, on a tight budget.  In the coming weeks, the Supreme Court is expected to clear its docket of current term cases, with potential major decisions on DACA, abortion, President Trump’s financial records and public funding for religious schools. Like Monday’s ruling on L.G.B.T. discrimination, it’s a safe bet that they will generate outsize attention — and that the decisions will be deeply controversial in some quarters. Cowboys are among the most iconic figures of the American West. They’re mythologized as strong, independent people who live and die by their own terms on the frontier. And in movies, the people who play them are mostly white. But as with many elements of Americana, the idea of who cowboys are is actually whitewashed — scholars estimate that in the pioneer era, one in four cowboys were black. The historian Quintard Taylor writes about how before then, enslaved people “were part of the expansion of the livestock industry into colonial South Carolina, passing their herding skills down through the generations and steadily across the Gulf Coast states to Texas.” The national movement galvanized by the killing of George Floyd has created the possibility of transformational change to policing. One reform that has generated broad discussion is eliminating “qualified immunity,” the court-created doctrine that makes it difficult for people whose civil rights are violated by police officers to obtain money damages in lawsuits. There are good arguments for getting rid of this immunity, or at least seriously restricting it. But abolishing it is unlikely to change police behavior all that much. Founded in 1942, the Voice of America was never meant to be a megaphone for the American government. The concept was the opposite: A federally funded broadcaster would showcase American values around the world by offering unbiased news and a true picture of American life. That mission is enshrined in what the V.O.A. calls its “firewall,” which “prohibits interference by any U.S. government official in the objective, independent reporting of news.” If after reading the 10th (or 50th) pledge of corporate solidarity with the anti-police brutality protests your eyes are hurting from rolling so much, you’re not alone. Nike? Check. Netflix? Check. Peloton? Check. The revolution has been focus-grouped. The big news from Georgia’s primary election last Tuesday wasn’t who won and who lost. It was the galling meltdown at polling places in black communities across the state. New voting machines were missing or didn’t work. Voters waited hours in line to cast their ballots. Some understandably gave up. When the full record of the coronavirus in America is written, historians may argue that President Trump’s biggest mistake was not what he failed to do in early 2020, when the right strategy for combating the virus was widely debated, unproven and hard. No, they will point to what Trump failed to do in June 2020, when the right strategy was clear, proven and relatively easy. Once upon a time, there was a scandal. This article is part of the Debatable newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it Tuesdays and Thursdays. More quickly and more permanently than any other American institution, the United States Supreme Court has the capacity to set the tone for the treatment of any minority group, often for decades to come. It was a string of Supreme Court cases that transformed the status of black Americans, for example, most famously in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. ATLANTA — On what should have been a signal day for democracy last week, when voters cast ballots in the statewide primary elections, the signs of a debacle were visible early: malfunctioning voting equipment, a bungled response to the pandemic, too few polling stations and the looming specter of police violence. Julia Rothman is an illustrator. Jacob Curtz is a luthier. “I used to think people like you should be, you know, exterminated,” the nice young man said to me. “But after listening to you speak, I’ve really changed my mind!” The coronavirus has struck the world’s most powerful economies first, leading countries in Europe, North America and East Asia to carry out an array of strategies to help control its spread. But as the virus picks up speed across the global south, those policies may not be applicable there. Low- and middle-income countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, Indonesia and Nigeria should not blindly follow strategies that are sensible for richer nations. Rushing into the hospital for an overnight shift, I grab my brown paper bag of personal protective equipment, swing open the door to the coronavirus intensive care unit — and stop short. The patients are gone. The halls that were cluttered just a day ago with ventilator monitors are now empty, silent. American policing is going to emerge changed from this June of protest. The question is whether it will be altered for the better. So let’s consider three possible scenarios for change — one building on the current system, another more ambitious but also riskier, and a third to be avoided at all costs. It could have been the day I died. In recent decades, many institutions of higher education have increasingly been awarding money to students who do not need that aid to afford college. More than half of the 339 public universities sampled in a paper published by New America at least doubled the amount they spent on so-called merit aid from 2001 to 2017; more than 25 percent quadrupled the amount. About two out of every five dollars these schools provided in institutional aid went to students the government deemed able to afford college without need-based aid. The schools do it because well-to-do families, overall, bring the institutions more tuition dollars than their lower income peers. Bret Stephens: Hi, Gail. A question I never thought I’d ask: Should we abolish the police? After all these years, Hertz is No. 1 again. Not in market share: The car-rental company is a distant second to Enterprise. But Hertz has become Exhibit #1 of the madness that has been sweeping the stock market in these times of Covid-19 — a madness that may do considerable harm, not because stock prices themselves matter all that much, but because Donald Trump and his minions treat the stock market as a measure of their success. In an emphatic win for civil rights, equal justice and common sense, the Supreme Court ruled on Monday that federal law bars employers from firing workers for being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender. Once again, President Trump is taking heat for treating the presidency like a branding exercise. The new season of my favorite television show, “The Good Fight,” begins with the heroine, the feminist lawyer Diane Lockhart, awakening in what seems at first like a giddy alternative reality in which Hillary Clinton won the 2016 election. She remembers the horrors of the last three and a half years, but no one else seems to. A crushing weight lifts as she convinces herself it was all an awful dream. For a little more than $2,000, you can buy a small silver-plated case containing some hair of the Virgin Mary, a relic venerated by Catholic believers. Add a few hundred dollars, and you’ll get a wax-sealed reliquary carrying pieces of clothing worn by St. Peter and St. Paul, together with a yellowed record, handwritten in Latin, that supposedly attests to the relics’ authenticity. A couple of weeks ago, my mother and father, my sister and brother-in-law, and my fiancé and I had our first-ever group FaceTime. A number of American colleges and universities have decided to bring students back to campus this fall, believing they can diminish the risk of coronavirus transmission if everyone wears masks, uses hand sanitizer and social distances. Some schools also plan to reconfigure dorms to create family-sized clusters of uninfected students, who could socialize in relative safety, if only with their suite mates. The first time I saw President Trump referred to as “Cadet Bone Spurs” I laughed, the second time I smiled and the third time I cringed. It’s an apt slur, but it lumps him together with all the other politicians whose military huzzahs contradict their personal histories and whose insult to our men and women in uniform can be reduced to dodging the draft. NASHVILLE — In real life, Nya Collins, Jade Fuller, Kennedy Green, Emma Rose Smith, Mikayla Smith and Zee Thomas had never met as a group when they came together on Twitter to organize a youth march against police violence. It was unseasonably hot, even for Middle Tennessee, with rain predicted, and earlier protests here had ended in violence, with the Metro Nashville Courthouse and City Hall in flames. Collectively, these are not the most promising conditions for gathering a big crowd, much less a calm one. But the teenagers were determined to press on, even if hardly anyone showed up. If the corporate bluster of the past week around diversity sounds familiar, it’s probably because you’ve been hearing it for years. You’re a worker at a Tyson Foods poultry plant and still punching in even though the coronavirus continues to run rampant through meat-processing plants across the country. You’re proud that your job helps keep supermarkets stocked. Your family supports Donald Trump. But the president’s executive order to keep meat plants open — issued after the Tyson Foods chairman, John Tyson, publicly warned of supply shortages — worries you. You think company leadership pushed for plants to stay open and to run at top speed instead of doing more to keep workers safe. This is the reality for Jerald Brooks, a Tyson poultry processing plant worker in Glen Allen, Va. He is not alone. Covid-19’s economic devastation has revealed gaping holes in our safety net, as decades-old structures for Medicaid and unemployment insurance are compounding the pain caused by disease and job loss. Let’s be honest, we would not today design them as they were created. The CARES Act took steps to fix these programs, but they need permanent institutional reform and modernization. Years ago, I stumbled across some startling research by economists in England and Australia: It takes longer to adapt to the pain of unemployment than to losing a loved one. In the wake of the killing of George Floyd and the massive wave of protests that have swept the country and the world, New York State on Friday passed a package of policing reforms, banning chokeholds and opening police disciplinary records, among other things. We know that a bad economy tends to hurt the electoral prospects of incumbent presidential candidates. But what about a crisis of national security or American safety? Although the coronavirus pandemic is unprecedented in most ways, as is the Trump presidency itself, there may be historical lessons from other situations. PASADENA — California, the novelist Wallace Stegner wrote, is like the rest of America, only more so. That truism has played out in recent days in scenes of triumph, anguish and incongruity, a mirror of the country seen through a distinctly California lens. As a black emergency medicine physician, concern about the spread of Covid-19 at protests in the wake of the murder of George Floyd is not top of my mind. And yet many continue to seize on this concern. The risk of spread of Covid-19 is clearly elevated at demonstrations: People are yelling, stirring up respiratory droplets and projecting them into the air; people are marching long distances, exerting themselves and taking gulps of air in the process; people are standing and kneeling much less than six feet from one another; and mask use is, over all, abundant but admittedly inconsistent. There are videos of Eric Garner and George Floyd being choked to death by police officers while pleading for their lives. There is a video of Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old boy who was shot to death while playing with a toy gun. There is a video of Ahmaud Arbery, who was hunted and killed while out on a run. There is a video of a police officer mounting and handcuffing Dajerria Becton, 15 years old at the time, at a pool party. In 1804, the Corsican upstart Napoleon Bonaparte crowned himself as France’s emperor. His mother, born Letizia Ramolino, did not attend the coronation. Informed of her son’s self-elevation, she is said to have remarked coolly: “Let’s hope it lasts.” WASHINGTON — “Shut up and dribble.” When President Trump tweeted late last month that the Secret Service was prepared to sic “the most vicious dogs” on protesters outside the White House, I was dismayed, as both a dog lover and an American citizen. I strongly suspect that the handlers of the highly trained dogs that assist the agents in their duties were deeply shocked, too. It was early evening when Michael Feighan arrived at the White House on May 7, 1965. A tall, dour Democratic congressman from Ohio, Feighan had an important meeting with President Lyndon B. Johnson. Young black people have exploded in rebellion over the grotesque killing of George Floyd. We are now witnessing the broadest protest movement in American history. And yet the response of black elected officials has been cautious and uninspired. Are female leaders better at fighting a pandemic? PHOENIX — Angel Palazuelos donned a maroon cap and gown one recent afternoon, one of two colors of his alma mater, Metro Tech High School, where almost every student is an immigrant or comes from a family of immigrants. The school is part of the Phoenix Union High School District, one of the largest in the country and one whose enrollment reflects Arizona’s impending demographic destiny as a majority Latino state. The world is fighting the most serious pandemic in a century, and the United States is in the process of withdrawing from the only international organization equipped to lead that effort. No president in the history of our Republic has been as disorienting as Donald Trump. His goal, even before he became president, was far more ambitious than to tell mere lies. It was to annihilate the distinction between truth and falsity, to make sure that we no longer share facts in common, to overwhelm people with misinformation and disinformation. It was to induce epistemological vertigo on a mass scale. Congressional Democrats want to make it easier to identify and prosecute police misconduct; Joe Biden wants to give police departments $300 million. But efforts to solve police violence through liberal reforms like these have failed for nearly a century. At a time when millions of voices are calling out for peaceful change, New Yorkers can make an immediate difference with this year’s primary elections. In-person voting begins June 13 and ends June 23; voting by absentee ballot has already begun. The nation badly needs new faces, new energy, new talent and new ideas. The acting editorial page editor, Kathleen Kingsbury, wrote about the decision to publish our writers’ responses to the Tom Cotton Op-Ed in Friday’s edition of our Opinion Today newsletter. LAMBEAU, Trinidad and Tobago — I watched the video of George Floyd taking his last breaths under the knee of a Minneapolis police officer while scrolling through Facebook early one morning here. The sound of crashing waves and my children’s giggles created the soundtrack for the devastating images. OXFORD, Miss. — I’m a proud Mississippian, and our state’s poet laureate, but I don’t fly the state flag. Neither do my friends and neighbors, white or black (I’m white). The reason is simple: Mississippi, which has the country’s highest percentage of black residents, is the last state in the nation to have a flag that incorporates the Confederate symbol. UNION, N.J. — Last week, the Target Corporation sent out an email about its commitment to “social justice.” “We stand with black families,” it said. A year and half ago, when a police officer intervened after an incident involving my disabled African-American son in a Target store, our family didn’t even get an apology. Acting editorial page editor Kathleen Kingsbury wrote about the decision to publish our writers’ responses to the Tom Cotton Op-Ed in Friday’s edition of our Opinion Today newsletter.  It doesn’t necessarily follow that a nationwide protest over police brutality would, for some, become a reason to take action against Confederate statues and other controversial monuments. But it has. In just the last week, protesters have knocked down Confederate statues in Richmond, Va., Nashville and Montgomery, Ala., as well as monuments to Christopher Columbus in Boston and St. Paul, Minn. This article is part of the Opinion Today free newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it every weekday. Acting editorial page editor Kathleen Kingsbury wrote about the decision to publish our writers’ responses to the Tom Cotton Op-Ed in Friday’s edition of our Opinion Today newsletter.  ROME — The coronavirus pandemic and its punitive economic effects are about to set off the next global hunger crisis. Most people — or, at any rate, most readers of The New York Times — remember Donald Trump’s response to the white nationalist riot in Charlottesville, Va., as a particularly low point in a presidency full of them. After a rambling, aggrieved news conference in which he defended some of those marching with neo-Nazis as “very fine people,” Trump’s already dismal approval rating hovered below 38 percent. Staffers voiced shame and disgust to journalists (anonymously, of course). Senator Susan Collins was “concerned.” BRIGHTON, England — Tens of thousands of people protested in British cities in solidarity with those rising up against police brutality against black Americans in the past week. They highlighted similar injustices in Britain. Protesters in the city of Bristol drew connections between a white police officer’s killing of George Floyd, a black man in Minneapolis, and the histories of colonialism and the slave trade. On Sunday, they toppled the statue of Edward Colston, a 17th-century slave trader, trampled over it and rolled it into Bristol Harbor. Over the past several years as police violence has become more visible, one of the key goals of people fighting for change has been to shift how the public views prosecutors and how prosecutors do their jobs. 